[title:]AIA Expands American Rocketry Challenge Team, Brings on Experienced STEM Professional
[date:]January 13, 2025
[content:]Arlington, Va. – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA), the leading voice for the American aerospace and defense industry, today announced that experienced STEM professional Jessica Pedersen has joined as Senior Director of the American Rocketry Challenge.
“For over two decades, the American Rocketry Challenge has inspired young minds towards STEM careers and empowered them to tackle new challenges,” said AIA President and CEO Eric Fanning. “With Jessica stepping in as our new Senior Director, we will explore new ways to engage youth in STEM and enhance our program’s impact. Jessica’s leadership will help us continue to nurture the next generation of innovators and problem-solvers, ensuring a brighter future for our industry and beyond.”
Jessica Pedersen joins AIA after her role as Senior Strategy Manager at General Dynamics Mission Systems. There, she led strategic partnership initiatives and consultants for the Space, Cyber, and Intelligence (SC&I) line of business. Jessica also directed the development and evaluation of annual strategic plans, focusing on encryption technologies, space and avionics, and tactical cross-domain solutions. She holds a Bachelor of Science in Industrial and Operations Engineering from the University of Michigan and an MBA from the University of Maryland.

[title:]AIA Releases New Findings from Supplier Survey, Cites Compliance as Top Pain Point
[date:]January 10, 2025
[content:]Arlington, Va. – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) today released findings from its latest member survey on key issues impacting the supply chain, including workforce challenges, government regulations, and technological implementations. 
AIA’s survey of supply chain businesses in the aerospace and defense (A&D) sector highlighted several challenges, but specifically emphasized the burdensome compliance costs that companies are facing. 
“Our latest Supply Chain Health Check underscores some of the challenges and opportunities that lie ahead for the aerospace and defense supply chain in 2025: incorporating new technologies, dealing with burdensome compliance costs and unnecessary overclassification, and accessing the critical minerals and workforce needed to maintain global leadership,” AIA President and CEO Eric Fanning said. “We look forward to working with our members, the federal government, and other key stakeholders to find solutions that will improve resiliency across the supply chain, especially for small and medium-sized businesses.”
AIA has been routinely engaged with the federal government on these issues, advocating for practical regulation and proper implementation to support a resilient defense industrial base. 
To view the results of the survey, click here. 

[title:]AIA Welcomes 119th Congress to Washington
[date:]January 3, 2025
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today welcomed the 119th Congress: 
“The aerospace and defense sector is one of Congress’ most enduring partners – working together to secure our nation, introduce cutting-edge technology, and pioneer the next frontier,” Fanning said. “With a workforce of over 2.2 million, we welcome the 119thCongress and its new leadership and stand ready to work alongside this Congress to secure year-long government funding, participate in the Department of Government Efficiency’s (DOGE) initiatives to further streamline key programs, and cement American leadership in aerospace and defense.”

[title:]AIA Statement on Tragic Aircraft Collision in Washington 
[date:]January 30, 2025
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today released a statement following the devastating collision of two aircraft in Washington, DC yesterday. 
“The Aerospace Industries Association extends our deepest condolences to the victims and families of Flight 5342 and the Army helicopter. This event is a tragic reminder of the immense responsibility and duty entrusted to the entire aviation ecosystem to safely transport millions of passengers every day. Safety is the top priority of the American aerospace industry,” Fanning said. “As we learn more about the causes of this devastating event, AIA members remain committed to working with the Department of Transportation, Federal Aviation Administration, National Transportation Safety Board, and other agencies to ensure America’s skies remain the safest in the world.” 

[title:]AIA Congratulates Secretary Duffy on His Confirmation to Lead the Department of Transportation
[date:]January 28, 2025
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today congratulated Sean Duffy on being confirmed as the next Secretary of Transportation.
“The Aerospace Industries Association congratulates Sean Duffy on his confirmation to lead the Department of Transportation. The next four years have the potential to unleash a new generation of aerospace technology and to continue to build on the United States’ leadership in this critical sector – with safety and efficiency remaining our top priorities,” Fanning said.“We look forward to working alongside Secretary Duffy and his team to advance American achievement in aerospace and maintain U.S. global competitiveness.”

[title:]AIA Congratulates Pete Hegseth on His Confirmation to Lead the Department of Defense
[date:]January 24, 2025
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today congratulated Pete Hegseth on becoming the Secretary of Defense. 
“The Aerospace Industries Association congratulates Pete Hegseth on being confirmed to serve as the 29th Secretary of Defense,” Fanning said. “We look forward to working closely with him to bolster America’s national security, provide our warfighters with the best and most cutting-edge technology, reinvigorate the acquisition process, and ensure America’s military deterrent is stronger than ever. Together, we will ensure that America’s defense capabilities remain unparalleled.”

[title:]AIA Congratulates Secretary Rubio on Becoming the Secretary of State
[date:]January 21, 2025
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today congratulated Secretary Marco Rubio for his confirmation to lead the State Department.
“The Aerospace Industries Association congratulates Marco Rubio on his confirmation to serve as Secretary of State. With his experience and deep understanding of the dynamic global landscape, he will be a critical factor in the enduring success of the American aerospace and defense industry as we support U.S. foreign policy, including expanding our commercial and defense support for U.S. allies and partners and broadening America’s economic reach around the world,” Fanning said. “Among our key priorities, we are eager to partner with Secretary Rubio and the Department of State to streamline existing defense trade systems to strengthen security partnerships around the world, which keep our country safe.”

[title:]AIA Congratulates President Trump and Vice President Vance, Reaffirms Industry’s Commitment to Collaboration
[date:]January 20, 2025
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning congratulated President Donald Trump and Vice President JD Vance after they were sworn in today.
“The Aerospace Industries Association congratulates President Donald Trump and Vice President JD Vance on their inauguration as the 47th President and 50th Vice President of the United States of America. Today, we celebrate the promise of our great nation – which the American aerospace and defense industry has long enabled and championed,” Fanning said. “From supporting our country through the darkest times of war to leading the charge in space exploration, our collaboration has been, and will continue to be, instrumental in shaping a brighter future.
“The more than 2.2 million employees of the aerospace and defense industry stand ready to work with President Trump, Vice President Vance, and their administration to achieve our shared goals: finding new ways to improve how the government and industry do business, strengthening the world’s greatest fighting force, reaching new frontiers in space, and building resiliency across the supply chain to put American manufacturing first.”

[title:]AIA Statement on Implementing Tariff Policy to Support Growth in American Aerospace and Defense
[date:]January 17, 2025
[content:]Arlington, Va. – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA), the leading advocacy group representing America’s aerospace and defense industry, today released the following statement on working with the Trump administration to develop tariff policy that supports continued growth in aerospace and defense.
The following statement is attributable to an AIA spokesperson:
“Trade continues to fuel economic growth and innovation in American aerospace and defense; over a 40-year period, the industry experienced over 2000 percent growth in exports. We’ve been dominant in this sector since before the Reagan Administration. The trend can continue if we recognize that trade and tariffs are interconnected. We are eager to work with the Trump administration to discuss where tariff policy may support our products, while also ensuring the industry is empowered to continue growing in a way that supports U.S. national security needs and maintains our position as a leading high-technology, U.S.-centered manufacturing sector.”

[title:]ICYMI: AIA’s Eric Fanning Testifies Before House Armed Services Committee Advocating for Acquisition Reform, Workforce Investment, and Stable Funding
[date:]February 28, 2025
[content:]Arlington, Va. – In case you missed it, this week the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning testified before the House Armed Services Committee in a hearing focused on strengthening the defense industrial base and its ecosystem. Here are eight takeaways from the hearing.

Watch the hearing here and find his written testimony here.
1.      The defense industrial base is a complex ecosystem of companies, and Congress should take an “all-of-the-above” approach to reforming the acquisition process – empowering the entire base to better meet the needs of the warfighter and nation.
“Every morning, more than two million Americans employed by the aerospace and defense industry go to work with one mission in mind: to enhance deterrence by increasing the lethality, survivability, and chance of victory for the warfighter… However we proceed, we must take an all-of-the-above approach to defense acquisition – recognizing that the defense industrial base is a diverse ecosystem of companies that each have an important role to play. We must ensure the system positions the whole industrial base – primes, new entrants, suppliers, and commercial companies of all sizes – to meet the warfighter’s needs and the nation’s expectations.”
2.      Transforming the acquisition process will get capabilities to the warfighter quicker, but it will take review at every level. 
“I think there are different categories here. Regulations are a requirement that could be changed right away. For example, cost and pricing data, raising the threshold there. Providing costing data that has been validated by one company across the entire defense industrial base. There are a lot of different things I think we can do now for efficiency, but the entire system needs to be reviewed because it has been built in an additive way for many years. There is no silver bullet to fix this system.”
3.      Continuing resolutions and constant appropriation uncertainty injects unnecessary risk into the defense industrial base, harming especially the supply chain.
“If I only had one headline for what we need for the defense industrial base is that we need a clear, consistent and sufficient demands signals so that the industrial base and the private capital that supports it can line up for DOD requirements.”
“A year-long CR is particularly disruptive especially if it has limited anomalies. New programs don’t start…if there is a new start and companies have invested in it all up and down the supply chain — workforce, the materials, the parts — it’s a tremendous financial hit on them —especially on small companies that don’t have the cash flow or access to capital to withstand that type of delay. This is what feeds into having that consistent signal from the government so that all of that is required to produce what the government needs when it needs it takes place. In a way it causes a disruption not only in building those supply chains, it causes a disruption in trust for the companies large, small, in between to lean forward and invest and be ready because they do that, they all do that.”
4.      Securing supply of critical minerals should be a top priority for Congress.
“Critical minerals are one of our key priorities in industry and in Congress to make sure that we source them better internationally. We should just be realistic that these are expensive to mine and very difficult to process, so it’s going to take an investment to get that started so that we can source them in a smarter way for the United States.”
5.      Drawing from the deepest pool of workers only helps hire and retain the best workforce, creating high-skill jobs that pay better.
“We know that we have jobs that pay 50 percent more than the national average and we have to pay well, we need that type of a workforce…we need to have that pipeline that feeds into STEM that can be this type of high-skilled labor where we can recruit and grow.”
6.      Small businesses are especially susceptible to the negative repercussions of inconsistent demand signals, and major disruptions can cause them to leave the defense industrial base altogether.
“Small businesses in particular are operating on smaller margins and with fewer resources and tools to get them over primes in the system…Anything we can do to be consistent in our timelines and how we deliver in programs and how we deliver on contracts to conduct those payments helps small businesses.”
7.      Reallocation of spectrum — especially in the S-band, on which many critical weapons systems rely — should be done thoughtfully to mitigate risk, understand the cost, and enhance capabilities.
“Spectrum is a longstanding, very important issue. We all benefit from having more entities in the spectrum, we benefit in many ways, but when it impacts the DOD, we have to be cautious about it. There will a tremendous expense with the DOD and that will be a taxpayer expense that we need to take into account and should come out of auction proceeds that come from selling that spectrum. So, I caution that we do this very carefully, — smart people make smart solutions. But, just like civil aviation, the risk for the DOD is higher than any other industry that is going to be in spectrum.”
8.      To deter our adversaries and increase innovation, restoring the research and development tax credit is imperative.
“In the previous round of tax reform, they switched or, I should say, sunset the R&D tax amortization where if you spent a dollar in a year, you got to deduct that in that year to a five-year amortization. At the same time, China doubled it. They gave you a 20 percent deduction for every investment you made in R&D in real time. This affects not only big companies, but very small companies that were doing R&D that had to stop doing it. They can’t afford what becomes the luxury of R&D investments.”

[title:]AIA Commends Senate Confirmation of Jamieson Greer to Serve as United States Trade Representative, Reinvigorating U.S. Export Strategy
[date:]February 26, 2025
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today congratulated Jamieson Greer on his confirmation to serve as the United States Trade Representative.
“Bolstering U.S. exports is a powerful investment in the American economy. As the U.S. Trade Representative, Ambassador Greer will make crucial decisions that will shape American business with the world,” Fanning said. “The Aerospace Industries Association commends Ambassador Greer’s bold and pragmatic approach to trade policy, which he underscored during his hearing, and his commitment to maintaining resilient supply chains as a way to advance U.S. economic and national security priorities.
“We extend our congratulations to him on his confirmation, and we look forward to working with him to strike the right balance between national security, American manufacturing and economic resilience, and American dominance in aerospace and defense.”

[title:]AIA Extends Congratulations to Driscoll for Army Secretary Confirmation, Underscores Commitment to Modernization Efforts
[date:]February 25, 2025
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today congratulated Daniel Driscoll on his confirmation to serve as the Secretary of the Army.
“The Aerospace Industries Association congratulates Secretary Driscoll on his confirmation to lead the Department of the Army,” Fanning said. “As the Pentagon looks for ways to cut red tape, streamline the acquisition process, and unleash the next generation of military technology, AIA looks forward to working alongside Secretary Driscoll to improve how industry does business with the U.S. Army to best equip our Soldiers and maximize deterrence.”

[title:]AIA Congratulates Incoming Department of Commerce Secretary Lutnick, Urges Ongoing Engagement with A&D Industry
[date:]February 18, 2025
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today congratulated Howard Lutnick on his confirmation to lead the Department of Commerce.
“On behalf of the aerospace and defense industry, which generates hundreds of billions of dollars in economic value for our country, the Aerospace Industries Association congratulates Howard Lutnick on his confirmation to lead the Department of Commerce,” Fanning said. “As the head of the federal department that licenses and approves trade with our allies and partners, Secretary Lutnick will play a key role in ensuring U.S. competitiveness as the Trump Administration implements the President’s economic agenda.   
“The aerospace and defense industry is a powerhouse for our economy, driving innovation and safeguarding our homeland – and it’s one of the few sectors where the United States enjoys a trade surplus. We’re ready to work with Secretary Lutnick and his team to keep expanding our global footprint.” 

[title:]AIA Sends Congressional Leadership Letter Urging Full Year Appropriations, Make Investments into Critical Technologies
[date:]February 14, 2025
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning sent a letter this week to congressional leaders urging them to finalize 12 individual appropriations bills ahead of the March 14, 2025, funding deadline.
In the letter, Fanning calls for both the Senate and the House to find a path forward, warning that failing to do so would allow defense spending to fall behind the pace of inflation.
“Extending the current CR to a full year would finalize a defense budget only 1% above current levels – at a time when the world is growing more dangerous amid strategic challenges from China and other potential adversaries,” Fanning said. “This is not adequate to maintain current services nor to ensure that the American military remains the most lethal force in the world, and it sends the wrong message to our warfighters and to American businesses we hope to attract to the defense industrial base.”
He goes on to remind congressional leaders of bipartisan initiatives for commercial aviation that would modernize mission-critical systems.
“For agencies like the Federal Aviation Administration, a full-year CR at current levels would deny funding increases to hire additional air traffic controllers and aviation safety personnel and to modernize our aging air traffic control system – two much needed, long-overdue initiatives that already have bipartisan support in the House and Senate.”
He ends by encouraging them to use their “power of the purse” to tailor government funding through detailed analysis of initiatives through the appropriations process.
AIA has long called for stable, on-time appropriations, including in a document outlining the harm continuing resolution pose to American industry and overall readiness.
You can read the full letter here or find it below.

Dear Speaker Johnson, Majority Leader Thune, Democratic Leader Schumer, and Democratic Leader Jeffries:
As you make decisions to complete the appropriations process for fiscal year 2025, the aerospace and defense industry strongly urges you to finalize 12 individual appropriations bills before the March 14, 2025, deadline, and not depend on a further continuing resolution (CR). Companies like the Aerospace Industries Association’s (AIA) members that do business with the government rely on timely government funding. This is the second consecutive year where the government has operated on autopilot for half the year – extending outdated funding levels and leaving innovative new programs on the table for months. Next year’s budget request will be before the Congress in only a few weeks. It is time to finish the FY25 appropriations process in a responsible manner and move forward.
Extending the current CR to a full year would finalize a defense budget only 1% above current levels — at a time when the world is growing more dangerous amid strategic challenges from China and other potential adversaries. This is not adequate to maintain current services nor to ensure that the American military remains the most lethal force in the world, and it sends the wrong message to our warfighters and to American businesses we hope to attract to the defense industrial base. For agencies like the Federal Aviation Administration, a full-year CR at current levels would deny funding increases to hire additional air traffic controllers and aviation safety personnel and to modernize our aging air traffic control system — two much needed, long-overdue initiatives that already have bipartisan support in both the House and Senate.
These are just two examples illuminating the importance of individual appropriations bills over a full-year CR. Stop-and-start government funding harms our warfighters, aerospace innovators, and aviation safety personnel and negates Congress’ power of the purse — your ability to tailor government funding by conducting line-item reviews of government funding through the appropriations process. We understand and believe it is possible for Congress to finalize the FY25 appropriations bills before March 14, 2025, and we strongly urge you to take every effort to ensure that result.
Respectfully,
Eric Fanning

[title:]AIA Praises Defense Secretary Hegseth for AUKUS Commitments
[date:]February 10, 2025
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today applauded Secretary of Defense Hegseth after he reaffirmed the United States’ commitment to the historic Australia-United Kingdom-United States (AUKUS) trilateral partnership to provide stability to the Indo-Pacific region. 
“The Aerospace Industries Association applauds Secretary of Defense Hegseth and the Trump Administration for their commitment to the AUKUS security partnership. As Secretary Hegseth underscored in his meeting with Australian Deputy Prime Minister Marles, this alliance is crucial for our national security, and the strength of our defense industrial base underpins all elements of its success,” Fanning said. “We also commend Australia for their proactive steps in advancing this partnership. AIA is eager to support this administration as they continue to leverage technology sharing to unleash the full potential of partnerships like AUKUS.” 

[title:]AIA Responds to New Tariffs on Canada and Mexico
[date:]February 2, 2025
[content:]Arlington, Va. – The Aerospace Industries Association today reacted to new tariffs imposed on imports from Canada and Mexico, two of the American aerospace and defense industry’s largest trade partners.
“The Aerospace Industries Association supports the Trump Administration’s goal of making our country more secure and prosperous, and we value our long-standing role in achieving these objectives as a top exporting industry and a partner in providing the most cutting-edge equipment and aircraft for our troops. We are assessing the potential impact of these tariffs on our industry and our supply chain, which is unique to our sector and shared between commercial and defense companies,” said Dak Hardwick, AIA’s Vice President of International Affairs.
“Decades-long trade agreements enabled robust civil aviation and defense trade that resulted in a sky-rocketing positive trade balance over the last 40 years, making aerospace and defense the largest American exporting industry. Tariffs on Canada and Mexico could change that positive trajectory. We hope to work with the Trump Administration to find a path forward to protect this critical industry, which is a strategic asset to both our economy and our national security.”

[title:]AIA Praises Renewed Department of Transportation Focus on Modernizing the National Airspace System
[date:]March 14, 2025
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today commended Secretary of Transportation Sean Duffy today for his prompt and decisive efforts to modernize the National Airspace System (NAS). 
“On behalf of the Aerospace Industries Association’s nearly 300 members, we applaud Secretary of Transportation Sean Duffy for quickly acknowledging the urgent need for a state-of-the-art National Airspace System (NAS),” Fanning said. “While the United States can point with pride to the fact that it safely manages the largest and most complex airspace in the world, it has become clear that outdated and cumbersome acquisition policies, inconsistent funding, and other factors have severely impacted the FAA’s progress in modernizing the NAS. U.S. aerospace manufacturers are committed to working with the Trump Administration, Secretary Duffy, FAA, and all aviation stakeholders to reinvigorate air traffic control modernization to ensure that American leadership in aerospace will never be questioned.” 

[title:]AIA Welcomes Feinberg as Deputy Secretary of Defense
[date:]March 14, 2025
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today congratulated Steve Feinberg after he was confirmed as the Deputy Secretary of Defense.
“The Aerospace Industries Association welcomes the Department of Defense’s renewed focus on the acquisition process and how we equip our warfighters in the 21st century environment. As Deputy Secretary of Defense, Steve Feinberg will be integral to these efforts. After years of success in the business world — particularly in areas that are important to our military — he understands how to get new technology in the field far quicker than we do today, which is a goal our industry shares,” Fanning said. “We were especially encouraged to hear him underscore during his hearing thevalue of an all-of-the-above approach to defense acquisition to rapidly expand both capacity and capability. We look forward to being a close partner for Mr. Feinberg and the entire department as industry and government work together to strengthen the defense industrial base and enhance our national security.”

[title:]AIA Presses Congress to Fund the Federal Government as Soon as Possible
[date:]March 11, 2025
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today released the following statement ahead of the House vote on a full-year continuing resolution, which would fund the federal government for the remainder of the 2025 fiscal year:  
“Nearly six months into the fiscal year and with just days until a government shutdown, the Aerospace Industries Association urges Congress to vote to fund the federal government and maintain critical federal programs, including those that bolster national security, support the space economy, and maintain safe and efficient air travel and transport,” Fanning said. “Notably, we appreciate that the continuing resolution includes a small bump in defense funding and flexibility to allow ‘new starts’ for the Department of Defense – ensuring key modernization initiatives to counter China and other adversaries continue unabated.
“Though far from ideal, a full-year continuing resolution is better than a destabilizing government shutdown for the American aerospace and defense industry,” Fanning continued. “Now is the time to put fiscal year 2025 behind us and to move on to funding for fiscal year 2026 – a prime opportunity to advance aviation modernization, invest in next-generation space technology, and to expand the capacity of the defense industrial base.
“We thank Chairwoman Collins, Chairman Cole, Ranking Member Murray, and Ranking Member DeLauro for their tireless efforts to enact appropriations legislation, and we look forward to working with the Appropriations committees on next year’s funding bills, starting as soon as possible. 

[title:]AIA Congratulates Lori Chavez-DeRemer on Her Confirmation to Lead the Department of Labor
[date:]March 10, 2025
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today congratulated former Congresswoman Lori Chavez-DeRemer on being confirmed as the next Secretary of Labor.
“On behalf of aerospace and defense industry, the Aerospace Industries Association congratulates former Congresswoman Lori Chavez-DeRemer on her confirmation as the Secretary of Labor,” Fanning said. “At the center of the aerospace and defense industry are over 2.2 million Americans employed by our sector. They design, build, and fly the planes that safely carry millions of travelers every year; develop and launch the spacecraft that take us to new frontiers; and create and manufacture the equipment that protects America’s security. These high-paying and high-technology jobs fuel our sector – and America’s economy. We look forward to working alongside Secretary Chavez-DeRemer to maintain and grow our strong domestic workforce.”

[title:]AIA Welcomes Acquisition Expert Margaret Boatner to Lead National Security Policy
[date:]March 6, 2025
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today announced former Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Army for Strategy and Acquisition Reform Margaret Boatner will join the organization as its new Vice President of National Security Policy.  
“Now, more than ever, a flexible acquisition environment is essential for delivering next-generation technology to the Department of Defense at a speed that matches the threat. It will take a strong leader to fully realize our goal. The Aerospace Industries Association is proud to bring innovative leaders like Margaret Boatner to represent industry’s perspective as President Trump, the Department of Defense, and Congress focus on streamlining the acquisition process,” Fanning said. “Margaret’s expertise in acquisition policy, procurement, and intellectual property will be a valuable asset to our members and the entire aerospace and defense industry, supporting our mission of enabling and accelerating the delivery of world-class equipment to our warfighters.” 
Boatner most recently served as the Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Army for Strategy and Acquisition Reform (DASA(SAR)) where she was the Army’s lead executive for the design and implementation of acquisition policy affecting research and development and production of warfighting capabilities. During her tenure, she orchestrated Army-wide initiatives to overhaul policy on intellectual property, software development and acquisition, industrial base resilience, and led a broad effort to streamline and simplify the acquisition process. She has also served as the Acting Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Army for Strategy and Acquisition Reform, Principal Director within the Office of the DASA(SAR), Director of Initiatives for the Army’s Deputy Acquisition Executive, and as Special Assistant to the Army’s senior contracting executive.  
Boatner will lead AIA’s national security division, joining Ryan McDermott, Senior Director of National Security Policy; Adam Garnica, Senior Director of Acquisition Policy; Jason Timm, Senior Director of Security and Enterprise Management; and Ethan Bayer, Coordinator of International Affairs and National Security Policy. 

[title:]AIA Calls for Decisive Action to Fully Fund the Government, Protect American Aerospace and Defense
[date:]March 5, 2025
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today urged Congress to pass full-year appropriations legislation and avoid a long-term continuing resolution without including anomalies to protect mission-critical technology and programs.
“With the next funding deadline rapidly approaching, the Aerospace Industries Association reiterates our strong support for full-year appropriations for each of the 12 government funding bills – fully funding the Department of Defense, Federal Aviation Administration, NASA, and other critical federal functions on which the American aerospace and defense industry relies,” Fanning said. “These bipartisan priorities need and deserve funding that reflects the most current landscape, and we urge Congress to come together wherever agreement can be made.
“Given the threats we face around the world and the current progress being made in space and aviation technology, the importance of up-to-date funding cannot be understated,” Fanning continued. “Industry relies on clear demand signals set by current funding levels to plan and prioritize for their production lines, hiring, and other strategic investments needed to equip the warfighter quickly and advance American leadership in defense technology. Furthermore, full-year funding will allow critical regulatory development to continue – taking our aviation and space systems into the next generation and protecting American dominance in aerospace.
“If it is determined that a full-year continuing resolution is the only possible path forward, we encourage Congress to carefully consider any updates, or ‘anomalies,’ that need to be made to the Defense, Transportation, and NASA budgets to protect critical national security efforts, aviation modernization, and space advancement,” Fanning said. “Protecting our homeland and our skies must remain a top priority, and without a complete budget, we risk falling woefully behind our adversaries.”
AIA has routinely warned against continuing resolutions, urging Congress to “avoid succumbing to the practice of full-year CRs.”

[title:]AIA Welcomes Space Policy Leader to Strengthen Space Advocacy
[date:]March 4, 2025
[content:]Arlington, Va. – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA), the leading voice for the American aerospace and defense industry, today announced that space policy expert Amber McIntyre has joined as Senior Director of Civil Space.
“Amber’s experience and leadership in space policy will be critical in advancing our advocacy efforts,” said Fanning. “Space is integral to our daily lives, from enabling global communications and weather forecasting to driving scientific discoveries and ensuring national security. Her expertise will help us champion the importance of space innovation and collaboration, ensuring it remains a top priority for the new administration and congress. We are excited to have Amber join us and drive our mission forward.”
McIntyre has spearheaded collaborative efforts across federal agencies such as NASA, the State Department, and the Department of Commerce. Most recently, she served as the Director of International Space Policy at the National Space Policy Council, coordinating U.S. space policy and commercial space integration globally. Previously, she was the Counselor for Interagency and International Relations at NASA. McIntyre holds a bachelor’s degree in political science and religion from Florida State University, a master’s degree in public administration from American University, and a business administration certification from Georgetown University.

