[title:]Space Force: Parody Is Highest Form of Flattery
[date:]July 8, 2020
[content:]The premiere of Netflix’s Space Force series has launched (pun intended) the U.S. Space Force (USSF) further into the mainstream. While the show is not an accurate depiction of the USSF, it does highlight three takeaways all Americans should understand about their newest service: that the threat to the space domain is real; that the Space Force’s role is largely misunderstood; and that the service requires a culture that cultivates the next-generation of space professionals.
In the very first episode of the show, Steve Carell watches in vain as a Chinese spacecraft physically attacks a newly launched—and extremely expensive – Space Force satellite. While hostile action of this degree has not yet taken place, the scene does underscore the fact that U.S. adversaries are actively developing capabilities to offset our space advantages.
In 2007, China tested an anti-satellite (ASAT) missile, intercepting its defunct satellite while scattering dangerous debris throughout orbit. Since then, enemy technologies have advanced even more, nearing a point when all U.S. satellites could be held at risk. China and Russia have developed satellites capable of shadowing, monitoring, and even threatening other satellites. Opponents can blind or disable our satellites, disrupt critical navigation and communications, and target our vital command and control systems with cyber-attacks. And it’s not just the great power competitors; North Korea, Iran, India and even non-state actors are advancing in this field.
This has obvious repercussions to our national security, as the U.S. has relied on satellites for defense applications like reconnaissance, missile warning, and precision munition delivery for over 60 years. But space has also become indispensable to everyday Americans too. Whether it’s weather forecasting, conducting financial transactions, making passenger air travel safer, or shortening 911 responses, space enables so much of our way of life. Adversaries recognize and aim to undermine this dependence, and that threat is exactly what Space Force is focused on overcoming.
But while the show gets the threat somewhat correct, its depiction of the Space Force’s role is off by a few light years. One of the major plot lines of the show is a mission sending astronauts to inhabit the moon—or in Steve Carell’s words, “Boots on the moon!” A large portion of the public—supportive or not—seems to believe that sending Americans to space is a role of the Space Force. This is an inaccurate depiction. The human space exploration mission remains the domain of NASA, as shown by the recent launch of U.S. astronauts to the International Space Station.
Providing the people and power that protect the space-enabled advantages America and its partners rely on is the mission of the Space Force. This includes a number of duties that servicemembers conduct not in space, but on Earth, including flying GPS satellites, tracking and helping systems avoid over 26,000 pieces of debris, mitigating adversary’s attacks, supplying weather data for military operations, and providing advanced warning to troops and civilians when missiles are inbound. The role is to protect our country, and their responsibilities keep them on our planet.
Finally, the show highlights the importance of building a new service culture focused on the unique needs of interacting with the space domain. The show’s leader of Space Force, General Naird, is a fighter pilot, not a space professional. This leads to head-scratching decisions and heavy reliance on his staff in pressure-filled situations. Fortunately for General Naird, he is surrounded by a diverse and talented workforce steeped with space-specific expertise—the exact type of workforce Congress has encouraged the real Space Force to build.
Crafting the cadre of the Space Force can’t be done like in the past. The service must build a unique profession for a modern domain, creating space advocates who merge military expertise and leadership with technical mastery of space systems. Civilian and uniformed members alike will need the ability to synchronize existing and emerging technology to overcome today and tomorrow’s threats. The Space Force should set the pace for Defense Department workforce reform, sharing what it’s learned to help improve our entire armed services. If done right, General Jay Raymond, the real head of Space Force, will be the envy of every service chief with his flexibility to fill the Space Force with America’s top talent. And 30 years from now, the members of the Space Force will be recognized – even more so than today – as the world experts in space security.
Space Force the show has come to an end with mixed reviews. But the story of the U.S. Space Force is just beginning. That’s why understanding the threat facing the U.S. space enterprise, the role this new service fulfills, and the need for experts to fill the ranks and build its culture is more important than ever. As a service – and as a country – we cannot afford mixed results. But with the right policy, funding, and bipartisan support, this new service has to potential to not only inspire future spin-offs, but also secure U.S. leadership in space today and into the future.
[title:]AIA Announces New Partnership with Private Division and Kerbal Space Program to Encourage Summer Learning
[date:]July 6, 2020
[content:]Arlington, Va. – To provide a meaningful science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) experience to students throughout the summer months, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) announced a new partnership between the American Rocketry Challenge and Private Division, publishers of the hit astrophysics and aerospace simulation game, Kerbal Space Program.
This new partnership takes the American Rocketry Challenge online for the more than 5,000 middle and high school students from across the country who were registered to compete in this year’s competition. Interested students will receive free copies of the Kerbal Space Program game to compete in a new virtual contest, which challenges students to recreate one of our world’s crowning achievements: a crewed lunar landing and return.
In late July, teams will receive precise rules, which will require them to take on the role of an aerospace firm that has just been awarded a fixed-price contract to design, test, and fly their mission to the Moon. Teams will be judged based on their overall budget and efficiency, with $6,000 in cash prizes for the top three teams. After the competition, all students will be able to keep their copies of the game and keep exploring their passion for aerospace virtually.
“In a year full of the unexpected, our rocketeers have proven that they are up to any challenge. The American Rocketry Challenge may have been postponed this year, but that does not mean that learning, creativity, or fun should stop. This exciting new partnership will help students embrace the new reality of our virtual environment, keep their STEM skills sharp, and explore aerospace and physics from the safety of their homes this summer,” said Eric Fanning, AIA’s President and Chief Executive Officer.
For more information on the new partnership, read the American Rocketry Challenge’s latest blog post.

About the American Rocketry Challenge: The American Rocketry Challenge is the world’s largest rocket contest, with nearly 5,000 students nationwide competing annually. The contest provides students in 6th – 12th grades the opportunity to design, build, and launch model rockets and gain hands-on experience solving engineering problems. Sponsored by the Aerospace Industries Association, the National Association of Rocketry, and more than twenty aerospace industry partners, including NASA, the Federal Aviation Administration, and the Department of Defense, the challenge is the aerospace industry’s flagship program designed to encourage students to study science, technology, engineering and math.
About the Aerospace Industries Association: For over 100 years, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) has served as an advocate, resource, and convener to shape policy, shed light on the industry’s impact, and lay the groundwork for its future. CEO-level officers from across our more than 300 member companies guide these efforts, strengthening the industry’s ability to effectively support America’s national security and economy. Together, we advocate for effective federal investments; accelerated deployment of innovative technologies; policies that enhance our global competitiveness; and empower a capable and diverse 21st century workforce. For more information, visit www.aia-aerospace.org.
[title:]AIA President & CEO: Bipartisan NDAA Sustains Investment in National Security
[date:]July 23, 2020
[content:]Arlington, Va. — Today, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning released the following statement applauding the passage of S. 4049, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (FY21 NDAA) in the U.S. Senate and H.R. 6395, the William M. Thornberry National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 in the U.S. House of Representatives:
“While America and the world have been focused on addressing a global pandemic, threats to our national security have not receded. Sustained and sufficient funding in defense will enable us to respond to those threats, and the NDAA is an important opportunity to ensure these critical investments.
“While the pandemic reminds us of the unique capabilities of the Department of Defense and the aerospace and defense industry to respond in emergencies, it also reinforces how critical both are to our overall security. By sustaining investment in defense, the Senate and House bills support national security, a healthy defense industrial base, and continued progress in the modernization and readiness our troops need to meet threats. We urge a swift, bipartisan conference agreement.”

[title:]AIA President & CEO: USMCA Strengthens North American Coordination, Provides Opportunity for Further Growth
[date:]July 1, 2020
[content:]Arlington, Va. — As the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA) enters into force today, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning released the following statement:
“The COVID-19 crisis and ongoing recovery have highlighted the importance of a harmonized, coordinated North American aerospace and defense supply chain benefitting the economies of the U.S. Mexico, and Canada. The USMCA provides a new baseline framework for strengthened trade cooperation among all three countries. Improved North American coordination is imperative to overcoming the challenges of today and preparing for those of the future, and the USMCA will help to enhance that cooperation.”

[title:]AIA President and CEO Statement on Air Force GBSD Award
[date:]September 8, 2020
[content:]Arlington, VA – AIA President and CEO Eric Fanning released the following statement after the U.S. Air Force awarded Northrop Grumman Corporation a contract for the Engineering and Manufacturing Development (EMD) phase of the Ground Based Strategic Deterrent (GBSD) program:
“Behind our nation’s strategic national security capabilities are the men and women of the defense industry. The GBSD program awarded today, which will involve more than 10,000 defense industry employees across America, is no different.
Our employees are the crown jewel of our industry, bringing vast technical know-how, hundreds of years of cumulative knowledge, and remarkable ingenuity to bear in support of our nation’s defense. Binding all of this talent together is a solid commitment to the country’s safety and security.
Supporting the unparalleled capabilities of these employees is the world-class aerospace and defense supply chain, which is the lifeblood of our industry and the backbone of projects like GBSD. More than 300 U.S. companies at all levels of the supply chain, including hundreds of small businesses, will proudly serve as part of this project team. And with today’s announcement, they stand ready to move forward with the next phase of this important modernization.”

[title:]NAS9945: Airworthiness Engineering Training & Education
[date:]July 13, 2020
[content:]Whether they are developed for educators or manufacturers, new standards can help advance the aerospace and defense industry. That’s why on July 8, AIA’s National Aerospace Standards published new standard NAS9945, Airworthiness Engineering Training and Education.
NAS9945 will help both American aerospace education programs and design, manufacturing, and maintenance organizations develop and implement airworthiness training for everyone involved with the certification or continuing airworthiness of aircraft. By identifying guidelines, expectations, and curricula, we’re able to provide high quality training and education to enhance aviation safety.
“We’re thrilled to publish this much needed standard,” said Rusty Rentsch, AIA’s Vice President of Technical Operations and Standards. “We believe that this standard will lead to a broader and deeper pool of talent in airworthiness and will promote the establishment of educational programs that ensure airworthiness best practices are instilled in the aerospace workforce.”
This standard provides commonly recognizable sets of requirements and qualifications needed to effectively function within areas of airworthiness engineering and certification at any professional level. To continue the advancement of airworthiness training, AIA has planned four additional standards on:
Airworthiness Engineering Academic Curricula (NAS9945-1);Civil Aviation Airworthiness Training (NAS9945-2);Military / Defense Aircraft Airworthiness Training (NAS9945-3);Emerging Technology Airworthiness Training (NAS9945-4).
Click here to visit our Standards store to learn more or purchase NAS9945.
[title:]Aviation Manufacturing Industry Coalition Calls for Targeted and Temporary Support to Help Protect American Jobs
[date:]August 11, 2020
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Today, a coalition representing the aviation manufacturing industry comprised of the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA), the Aeronautical Repair Station Association (ARSA), the General Aviation Manufacturers Association (GAMA), the National Defense Industrial Association (NDIA), and the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers (IAM) announced their collective support for the bipartisan Aviation Manufacturing Jobs Protection Act of 2020 introduced by U.S. Representatives Ron Estes (R-KS) and Rick Larsen (D-WA), the companion bill to S. 3705, the Public-Private Partnership to Preserve Jobs in the Aviation Manufacturing Industry Act of 2020 introduced by U.S. Senators Jerry Moran (R-KS) and Mark Warner (D-VA). Both bills would help protect jobs in the aviation manufacturing industry, its supply chains, and aircraft maintenance repair companies that have been devastated by the global drop in air travel. The impact of commercial and government sales on the workforce cannot be understated. Four jobs are created for every million dollars in direct sales revenue generated by the industry.
“With global air travel down 86 percent from a year ago in June, the aviation manufacturing sector has continued to face a near-steady stream of aircraft order cancellations continually decreasing demand for maintenance and repairs. This, in turn, puts the skilled aerospace and defense workforce at risk, forcing significant layoffs and furloughs in companies large and small,” said AIA President and CEO Eric Fanning. “Steps taken earlier this year have worked, but more assistance is needed as the COVID-19 pandemic continues to harm people, communities, and economies worldwide. Representatives Estes and Larsen’s bipartisan bill would provide additional temporary and targeted support to help save American jobs and ensure the aviation and aerospace industry stands ready to support our communities and country through the crisis and recovery.”
“ARSA is extremely grateful to Representatives Estes and Larsen for introducing this important legislation. Pandemic-related economic disruptions have decimated America’s aviation maintenance industry and there’s very little light at the end of the tunnel,” said ARSA Executive Vice President Christian Klein. “The Estes-Larsen bill is a lifeline for an industry that’s seen revenues fall by roughly half and that may have lost more than 50,000 workers—a quarter of our workforce—in recent months. It will save jobs in the near-term—particularly in aviation-heavy states like Kansas and Washington—and help ensure that when the aviation sector begins to recover, repair stations will still have the technical talent they need to keep to keep the nation’s aircraft fleet operating safely.”
“The aviation manufacturing and maintenance industry continues to face stiff headwinds from the COVID-19 pandemic. We applaud and are deeply grateful to Representatives Estes and Larsen for their work to support the industry’s highly skilled workforce as well as Senators Moran and Warner for introducing similar legislation in the Senate. Given that general and commercial aviation are significant contributors to the U.S. economy, it is essential that both industry and government partner together to protect aviation manufacturing and maintenance jobs in this vital sector. I am very pleased to join with my fellow industry association leaders, and the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers, in supporting these legislative initiative to sustain our incredible aviation manufacturing workforce and companies during these uncertain times,” said Pete Bunce, GAMA President and CEO.
“The aerospace and defense workforce is a critical component of our national security. Uniquely skilled, the members of that workforce produce the best commercial and military equipment in the world. We cannot afford to lose them as they are key to the recovery of the sector and, just as importantly, developing the next skilled, cleared generation keeping us at the cutting edge,” said Gen. Hawk Carlisle, NDIA President and CEO.
“We applaud Reps. Larsen and Estes for introducing this innovative payroll support legislation. Saving this critical industry and the livelihoods of the men and women who have made the aerospace sector thrive for generations is our top legislative priority,” said IAM International President Robert Martinez Jr. “The federal funding authorized by this bill will be used for the sole purpose of keeping working families on the job and off of unemployment. As the largest aerospace and defense union in America, we proudly endorse this much-needed legislation and hope it is passed swiftly with bipartisan support.”
Government relief has proven effective at helping keep employees on payroll during the crisis. A recent study found that the Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) alone saved between 1.5 and 3.5 million jobs. The bipartisan bills propose a public-private partnership between government and industry to help prevent further layoffs. The Estes-Larsen bill is cosponsored by Representatives Roger Marshall, M.D. (R-KS), Tom Cole (R-OK), Gerry Connolly (D-VA), Sharice Davids (D-KS), Kim Schrier (D-WA), and Salud Carbajal (D-CA). The Moran-Warner bill is cosponsored by Senators Pat Roberts (R-KS), Thom Tillis (R-NC), Roy Blunt (R-MO), and Doug Jones (D-AL). Both bills provide an innovative path forward for the aviation manufacturing and maintenance industry. Congressional leadership must now come together in support of this critical manufacturing sector and workforce.

[title:]AIA Releases 2020 Facts & Figures Analysis
[date:]September 15, 2020
[content:]Facing one of the most challenging years on record, decade-long growth underscores the aerospace and defense industry’s vital role in U.S. economy, innovation, and national security
Arlington, Va. — The COVID-19 pandemic and the subsequent dramatic decrease in global air traffic has presented the aerospace and defense (A&D) industry with an extraordinary challenge. Building on the success of 2019, it is a challenge our industry is poised to meet, according to “2020 Facts and Figures: U.S. Aerospace & Defense.” This in-depth analysis, developed by the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) with the support of IHS Markit, provides a snapshot of the industry’s global leadership and its strong contributions to the U.S. economy, national security, and innovation in 2019 and considers the impact of the pandemic on our industry in the first half of 2020.
At the heart of the A&D industry’s success are the more than two million highly skilled workers who earned an average of $102,900 in wages and benefits—46 percent higher than the national average for all workers. According to the analysis, these employees made 2019 one of the best years on record for the industry with sustained growth in nearly every metric, including an economic footprint that represented 1.8 percent of total U.S. Gross Domestic Product (GDP). Sales in 2019 amounted to $909 billion, and exports were valued at $148 billion. The extensive, shared supply chain increased output by nearly 7 percent from 2018 to produce the vital and innovative products that support the commercial aerospace market, our warfighters, as well as partners and allies around the world.
“The strong growth and significant success industry achieved in 2019 was driven by our exceptional employees whose commitment to lifting America to new heights is matched by their contributions to our country’s economic and national security,” said AIA President and CEO Eric Fanning. “As our country and the world face an uncertain future due to Covid-19, our workforce is leveraging its unique talents and unparalleled capabilities to help return industry to 2019 levels, while also fueling our country’s recovery and bolstering our competitiveness on the global stage.”
The COVID-19 crisis has already led to dramatic changes in the industry. Particularly hard-hit civil aviation manufacturers estimate production will drop by 50 percent in 2020 and could result in more than 200,000 job losses. As a whole, analysis suggests the aviation market may take nearly a decade to recover.
The impacts also extend to the industry’s defense sector due to significant impacts on the shared supply chain. In addition, defense spending will likely experience downward pressures from reduced tax receipts during the recession, heightened competition among federal priorities, and growing concern about deficit spending.
As the full scope of the pandemic’s impact continues to come into view, it is clear that steps taken by companies to safeguard the health and safety of employees coupled with government action to save jobs is helping preserve the highly-skilled A&D workforce and its unique capabilities. Increased contract progress payments for defense companies that was flowed through the shared supply chain combined with relief and support measures in the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act have been critical to providing the stability and cash flow that companies of all sizes need, particularly small businesses.
Resilience will be key to the recovery of the Aerospace and Defense industry. Additional bipartisan government action will be necessary to ensure this resilience. Two of the most promising policy options include a payroll cost-share proposal aimed at keeping at-risk workers on payroll and sustained and stable investment in defense that will provide support to the shared supply chain and the overall workforce. These additional efforts would also help ensure America’s continued leadership in aerospace innovation along with continued progress in the modernization and readiness our troops need to meet new and emerging threats.
For more than 100 years, the A&D industry has risen to help our nation overcome great challenges. That commitment endures today as we work with our country’s leaders to set out on the road to recovery.
For more information, please visit: https://facts.aia-aerospace.org/

[title:]A&D Employee Spotlight: Anthony Nigara, L3Harris Technologies
[date:]August 20, 2020
[content:]Anthony Nigara
VP of Strategy & Business Development
L3Harris Technologies





L3Harris’ Anthony Nigara, VP of Strategy and Business Development, offers advice to new grads entering the workforce.“For those of you who are new to the workforce, the world is quite different now than you probably imagined it being when you started college or your internship.As you begin your career, you’re navigating a new world full of guidelines, including the many resulting from social distancing requirements. As you confront these unprecedented hurdles, you will also encounter the usual challenges of being at an early stage of your career.It’s easy to feel like you “don’t belong in the room” when facing new knowledge and ideas, but feeling uncomfortable is a sign that you are right where you should be. If you were the expert in the room from day one, there would be nowhere for you to grow. Take the time to embrace the challenges and learn from them.”
[title:]Sixteen Aviation Groups Commend USG Release of Runway to Recovery Guidance
[date:]July 2, 2020
[content:]Today, the Administration released its Runway to Recovery: The United States Framework for Airlines and Airports to Mitigate the Public Health Risks of Coronavirus guidelines to support the health and safety of passengers, aviation employees, and the aviation industry in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic. Stakeholders across the aviation sector joined together to commend this important step on the path to recovery.
The guidelines are a critical step toward forming a framework that the federal government can use to ensure mutual recognition and reciprocity with other governments as negotiations take place to lift international travel bans. U.S. Department of Transportation Secretary Elaine L. Chao’s strong role in all of these efforts is demonstrated by the fact that the U.S. principles are consistent with the International Civil Aviation Organization’s (ICAO) Civil Aviation Recovery Task Force (CART) report. U.S. government officials have displayed leadership to help America’s 2.4 million daily passengers confidently return to the skies. Many of the measures in the guidance have already been implemented by airlines and airports.
With over 10 million hard-working American employees and $1.5 trillion in economic activity in 2019, the aviation industry is at the heart of our nation’s – and our world’s – economy, and has continuously moved people and critical resources around the world throughout the pandemic. A strong and stable aviation industry will be critical to the ongoing global response to and recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic.
The guidance released today is an important step in protecting the health and wellbeing of the flying public, while supporting the aviation industry and our nation’s economic recovery. Moving forward there must be a strong public-private partnership to ensure that all procedures and safeguards are in place for a healthy aviation system and strong economic recovery. The aviation industry stands united and ready to work with our government partners in ensuring passenger and crew safety and restoring air travel in the United States.
Aviation Stakeholders: Aerospace Industries AssociationAirlines for AmericaAirports Council International – North AmericaAir Traffic Control AssociationAmerican Association of Airport ExecutivesAmerican Society of Travel AdvisorsCargo Airline AssociationGeneral Aviation Manufacturers AssociationInternational Air Transport AssociationNational Air Carrier AssociationRegional Airline AssociationRegional Air Cargo Carriers AssociationRTCATravel Technology AssociationU.S. Chamber of CommerceU.S. Travel Association

[title:]Celebrating Pride Throughout the A&D Industry
[date:]June 30, 2020
[content:]The aerospace and defense industry continues to innovate the way our world connects through new technologies. But these connections run much deeper than just the tech powering our world. A&D is working to create a more inclusive and welcoming environment for our employees.
Particularly during Pride month and the events of 2020, we’re proud to recognize the 30 AIA member companies who achieved a perfect score of 100 in the Human Rights Campaign’s 2020 Corporate Equality Index. This index is the widely accepted national measurement tool of corporate policies and programs regarding inclusion of LGBT+ employees.
We applaud the following companies for their commitment to providing equal opportunities in the workplace and fostering a space that promotes inclusion and diversity. The recognition of these values as a strength in the workplace, and taking the steps to achieve them, is a testament to the industry’s advancements.
Perfect Score Full and Associate Members:
3M CompanyAccentureAirbusAir LiquideAlixPartnersAmazonArconicBAE SystemsBooz Allen HamiltonBoston Consulting GroupCapgeminiCIT Corporate Finance, Aerospace & DefenseDeloitte Consulting LLPEaton CorporationErnst & Young LLPGartner Inc.GoogleHogan LovellsHyundai America Technical Center, Inc.IBM CorporationIron MountainKPMG LLPL3Harris TechnologiesLeidos HoldingsLockheed Martin CorporationNorthrop Grumman CorporationRolls-Royce North America, Inc.SAP America, Inc.Siemens Digital Industries SoftwareUber Elevate
While we are proud of the steps these members have taken thus far, we know there is still a long way to go to achieve complete inclusiveness. And this isn’t a problem we can fix by just focusing on our industry. We must all be a part of the solution for the larger and underlying issues. We must all commit to fighting against systemic biases concerning race, gender, sexual orientation, and other biases everywhere. Only then can our industry be satisfied with the work we are doing and truly access the best workforce this country has to offer.
[title:]AIA President and CEO: Crisis Underscores Importance of Export-Import Bank, Need for Quorum
[date:]June 23, 2020
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Today, the U.S. Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs held a hearing on “Oversight of the Export-Import Bank of the United States.” Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning released the following statement, applauding bipartisan support for ensuring a quorum on the Export-Import (Ex-Im) Bank Board of Directors to maintain full operations of this essential tool for American manufacturers and exporters, including those in the aerospace and defense industry:
“The Ex-Im Bank is critical to the stability and certainty of American businesses of all sizes, particularly during the COVID-19 crisis. The Bank levels the playing field with global competitors, serving as an economic engine for creating jobs and reigniting the growth essential to America’s recovery. That’s why we must avoid a lapse in the Bank’s quorum. We applaud the bipartisan support expressed today in the Senate Banking Committee and urge Senate leadership to swiftly consider the nominations of Claudia Slacik and Paul Shmotolok—who both enjoy bipartisan support—to ensure this necessary resource remains available for our manufacturers and supply chains now and in the future.”

[title:]Supporting Remote Verification Through New Standards
[date:]June 15, 2020
[content:]The COVID-19 pandemic presents the aerospace and defense (A&D) industry with new challenges, requiring the industry to use new, innovative tactics to ensure the safety of our employees and deliver our products on time. To meet this need, the Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA) issued an interim job aid on March 30, that provides guidance on remote product conformity verification and surveillance risk assessments for Department of Defense (DOD) contractors.
With numerous contracts across the A&D industry, DCMA must verify that companies have built products per their contract. This verification usually requires an onsite inspection at several points of the construction and manufacturing process, which the health crisis has made more difficult. But through remote verification, DCMA can conduct its inspections without having to travel to the location, protecting the inspectors and contractors’ employees.
To help DCMA and our industry shift towards remote verification, AIA’s Quality Assurance Committee developed a new National Aerospace Standard, NAS413 Remote Verification Implementation Guidance, to help companies innovate ways to inspect products, all while keeping our workforce safe.
NAS413 provides recommendations for the use of real-time and captured surveillance verification technologies (SVT) to perform remote product verification. The standard also recommends how to engage with DCMA to use remote verification and encourages companies to evaluate current and future business systems to ensure the secure and effective exchange of verification and surveillance data.
Remote verification is a game-changing innovation that will not only protect our employees and government partners throughout the COVID-19 pandemic, but also save taxpayer money on employee travel through efficient technology.
In light of the current COVID-19 pandemic, AIA is offering NAS413 with a limited time 100 percent discount using the code P8375 during checkout in the AIA standards store. If you need assistance accessing NAS413, please contact the IHS Markit sales department [email protected] or 1-877-413-5184 (+1-303-397-7956 if outside the U.S.).
[title:]AIA President and CEO Outlines Recommendations for Nation’s Recovery During 2020 Spring Board of Governors Meeting
[date:]May 20, 2020
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Today, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) virtually convened its 2020 Spring Board of Governors meeting, which brought together several leaders from aerospace and defense. As the industry continues to help lead the nation’s recovery from the COVID-19 crisis, AIA President and CEO Eric Fanning released the following statement:
“As we plan for recovery, the needs of the American people and our economy are coming into sharper focus. The aid provided so far was helpful and appreciated; however, there is still more we can do to support a full recovery.
“Today, our Board of Governors met virtually to assess the impact on our employees, businesses, supply chain, and industry. The situation is improving, but it remains serious. Our members agree there are several additional actions that can be taken to address different dimensions of the challenge. Protecting jobs through innovative proposals like private-public partnerships can help to preserve our industry’s highly skilled and specialized workforce. Targeted and temporary liability protections would also help remove a major obstacle to recovery. Expanding criteria for CARES Act programs will also help multiply its reach for companies of all sizes. Timely appropriations, flexibility in the use of funds, and continued streamlining of the defense contracting process will help to sustain the supply base, keep critical programs on track, and promote resiliency for our industry and the American economy. We look forward to working with federal agencies and Congress to incorporate these ideas into legislation.”

[title:]AIA President and CEO: Flexibility Key to Small Business Survival, Long-term Solution Still Needed
[date:]June 5, 2020
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Today, President Trump signed H.R. 7010, the Paycheck Protection Program Flexibility Act, into law. Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning released the following statement:
“Throughout this crisis, access to cash and flexibility have been critical to ensuring the survival of small businesses that are the lifeblood of our industry and our nation. This bill makes it easier for additional companies to use this important financial assistance to help keep highly skilled workers employed and our supply chain working. To further protect these vital businesses and jobs, we urge Congress and the Administration to develop long-term solutions to help jumpstart our economy and strengthen our industry because both are essential to America’s recovery.”

[title:]Pride Month Spotlight: Manas Goyal, Cubic Corporation
[date:]June 24, 2020
[content:]Manas Goyal
Technical Training Manager,
Cubic Corporation





HOW DID YOU GET YOUR START IN THE AEROSPACE AND DEFENSE INDUSTRY?
My first job upon immigrating from India to the U.S. in 2009 was with a marine propulsion manufacturer based in Houston, TX. We manufactured sustainable Dynamic Positioning (DP) thrusters for U.S. Navy and Coast Guard in addition to offshore drilling vessels. As a young electronics engineer at that time, it was fascinating to be in meetings with military personnel discussing the “secret” requirements for those vessels for mission preparedness. After a few years, I left that role to pursue an MBA degree. Having gained a diverse work experience in Home Automation and the Offshore industry thereafter, joining Cubic in 2019 was homecoming for me, bringing me back into the Aerospace and Defense industry.
DESCRIBE YOUR ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES AT YOUR COMPANY:
My current role at Cubic Corporation is to manage Cubic’s technical training team with an emphasis on creation, delivery and implementation of technical training strategies exclusively for the internal workforce. The events in the last few months have made remote working the new normal. More than ever, my team is responsible for ensuring that we stay up to date and impart meaningful trainings to our workforce. This not only allows us to increase efficiencies and output but also ensures a smooth and quick induction of new employees to the desired levels at Cubic.
WHAT IS THE MOST REWARDING ASPECT OF YOUR JOB?
I have been in the technical training domain for the past 6 years and the most rewarding aspect of my job is to see our learners getting trained and excelling in their roles. An employee is as good as the training he/she receives. Like in active service, mission readiness is critical and is achieved by vigorous and periodic training. My job is to make sure that our employees are trained on all systems and applications they will be using to get their job done. As the saying goes – “it is not always the equipment that matters, it is the operator of that equipment.” Technology is changing very quickly and resistance to change is well entrenched in the human psyche. Therefore we target our trainings for smooth transitions that lead to easier acceptance of the changes. The recent example that I can share is about the COVID-led need to transition from office to remote work while at the same time needing to ensure that efficiency of our workforce doesn’t get adversely affected from this change. Achieving this recently was both satisfying and rewarding.
WHERE DO YOU FIND INSPIRATION?
A lot of people ask me that after my Electrical Engineering and MBA degrees, why am I not working in core engineering? It is because I found, and continue to find, my inspiration from all the teachers and professors who dedicate their lives teaching and mentoring the next generation to enter the professional world. I believe that good mentorship and training are the pillars of a long and fruitful professional career. In today’s world where technology changes with the blink of an eye, it is paramount for all professionals to update their skills and be up to speed about new developments in their fields. Knowledge is power and learning must never stop. To facilitate that in someone’s professional career and seeing the results is both inspiring and rewarding.
WHY IS DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION MEANINGFUL TO YOU?
In today’s connected world, sometimes referred to as “Global Village,” countries and their economies are inter-related and inter-dependent, with multinational organizations in different regions of the globe staffing a multilingual and multicultural workforce. That makes it all the more important to understand and respect diversity – language, race, religion, gender, sexual orientation and so on. Such understanding will not only promote professional growth, but more importantly, it will develop a person into a better human being.
WHAT ADVICE TO YOU HAVE FOR STUDENTS CONSIDERING A CAREER IN AEROSPACE AND DEFENSE?
The performance on the job in any industry demands knowledge, hard work, result-oriented focus and precision, teamwork and error-free output. However, the stakes are much higher in the Aerospace and Defense industry as the outputs (equipment and software) that we deliver are crucial for the successful outcome of a mission. It is our collective responsibility to not let soldiers down in high pressure situations where our success and failure can affect their lives.
We have a huge responsibility while we work on such projects – they bring a sense of fulfillment and belonging as well as a proud feeling of serving the nation (even if our efforts happen behind the scenes).
[title:]Pride Month Spotlight: Kathy Crandall, L3Harris Technologies
[date:]June 22, 2020
[content:]Kathy Crandall
General Manager, Mission Networks Managed Services,
L3Harris Technologies





As an ally and executive sponsor of the L3Harris Pride Employee Resource Group (ERG), I have the privilege of joining members and allies of the LGBTQ+ community in celebrating Pride Month. This is more than just a time to celebrate, however. It’s a time to reflect on the progress made and the need to continue driving awareness and change.
One of our company’s core values is Respect. To live that value means to have an inclusive mindset. An inclusive mindset creates an environment where everyone can be who they are and feel like they belong.
As L3Harris celebrates Pride month, we celebrate all those who have and continue to work toward inclusivity in all aspects of our lives: at home, in our communities and at work. At this particular time, the imperative for inclusivity and respect has never been more evident as we struggle to make sense of the tragic death of George Floyd and others – no matter your racial, political, religious or other identity, the events of the past several days cannot be ignored. During Pride month and beyond, let us call on each other to continue raising awareness, taking action and partnering with the LGBTQ+ community in support of equal rights and recognition for all.
[title:]AIA President & CEO: American Rescue Plan Act Protects Critical Aerospace Workers
[date:]February 27, 2021
[content:]Arlington, Va. — Today, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning released the following statement on the passage of the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 in the U.S. House of Representatives:
“Nearly a year into the COVID-19 crisis, the challenges facing the American people and economy have not ceased. The need for additional aid is clear, and this bill provides the certainty families, workers, and businesses need to persevere.
“This bill also establishes a payroll support program that will save or restore the jobs of tens of thousands of skilled aerospace workers who continue to support our national and economic security through the crisis. We urge the Senate to swiftly pass this legislation and deliver the aid to help our industry jumpstart the nation’s recovery.”

[title:]AIA Announces VentConnect Online Platform to Scale the Production and Distribution of Ventilators
[date:]May 4, 2020
[content:]New portal developed with AdvaMed and Google connects ventilator component suppliers and manufacturers
Arlington, Va. – Today, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) announced the launch of a new platform (www.VentConnect.org) to connect ventilator companies with component suppliers to help quickly scale production and distribution of these vital services.
The new platform was developed with the Advanced Medical Technology Association (AdvaMed), Google, and other industry alliances and partners. AIA represents more than 300 high-tech manufacturers and suppliers of all sizes across a range of sectors. AdvaMed is the world’s largest medical technology association, representing more than 400 companies, including ventilator manufacturers. In addition to AIA members, more than 50 companies – such as Stanley Black & Decker, and Arrow Electronics – from a range of industries are contributing as suppliers to VentConnect.
Eric Fanning, President and CEO of the Aerospace Industries Association, praised the alliance. “Unprecedented challenges offer unique opportunities to think outside the box, to harness ingenuity and innovation for the greater good, and this partnership is a prime example. Working hand-in-hand, across multiple dynamic industries will not only help meet the increased demand for ventilators, it can also serve as a model for strategic collaboration in the future.”
Scott Whitaker, AdvaMed president and CEO, said: “The medical technology industry is stepping up to meet the unprecedented demand from hospitals and patients across the country for ventilators. Our companies have added shifts, started new production lines, and hired new workers so that soon our capacity will be tenfold what it was before the pandemic. But to keep producing these life-saving devices, our member companies need a steady stream of key components from beyond the normal supply chain, and that’s where this new online platform developed with the AIA and Google will be of tremendous value. We thank the Aerospace Industries Association for their creativity in striking up this collaboration – and we thank Google for so generously offering to build this valuable, powerful resource pro bono.”
Mick Farrell, ResMed, CEO said: “This site is a valuable digital platform to support the race against time for patients worldwide who need invasive ventilators, non-invasive ventilators, including bilevels, as well as ventilation masks, and accessories. Every parts and component manufacturer large and small that can contribute more efficiently to this effort will help us all save more lives faster.”
Jonathan Rennert, CEO of ZOLL Medical Corporation said: “In just one month, ZOLL quintupled our production of ventilators, on the way to a 25-fold overall increase, to meet the demands of this global crisis. This rapid mobilization to save lives puts tremendous strain on the supply chain, so the ability to safely, securely, and quickly find and communicate with qualified suppliers through VentConnect is a game changer – and it will help save lives.”
Tim Hatch, Chief Technology Officer of Stanley Black & Decker, said: “As part of Stanley Black & Decker’s response to the COVID-19 outbreak, we are honored to collaborate with AdvaMed and AIA on the VentConnect.org website as we strive to leverage our global manufacturing and supply chain to help companies produce critical ventilators, respirators and other medical devices to support our nation’s citizens and to protect our brave medical professionals.”
Ventilator manufacturers can sign up on the VentConnect site and create secure spreadsheets identifying parts and components that are in short supply. Suppliers wishing to help complete a brief application on their company’s capacity and materials. Manufacturers can review supplier applications and decide whether to share their supply list needs. The manufacturer and supplier can then separately choose whether to enter an agreement to provide the needed materials.
While the immediate objective of the new platform is to support the production of ventilators and vent-critical devices that may have parts and materials constraints, the platform may serve to address additional challenges that may arise related to ventilator logistics, distribution, or other operational needs.

[title:]AIA President & CEO Applauds U.S.-Canada Statement on Nexus Between Transportation and Climate Change
[date:]February 26, 2021
[content:]Arlington, Va. — Following the statement by U.S. Department of Transportation Secretary Pete Buttigieg and Canadian Minister of Transportation Omar Alghabra on the nexus between transportation and climate change, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning released the following statement reaffirming AIA’s commitment to partnering with government leaders:
“We commend Secretary Buttigieg and Minister Alghabra on their collaborative efforts to address climate change. AIA and our members welcome this focus on the sustainability of air travel by the Biden Administration and global leaders. International cooperation is essential to address this challenge.
“Our industry looks forward to working with the government to reduce our climate impacts—both domestically and through the International Civil Aviation Organization. By working together to significantly increase the amount of sustainable aviation fuel while accelerating the development of next-generation aircraft technology, we can help reduce carbon emissions and realize a greener future.”
Earlier this month, Fanning sent a letter to the Biden Administration highlighting the importance of partnerships between government and industry to improve the sustainability of air travel.

[title:]AIA President and CEO: Planning and Preparation for Recovery is Critical to Ensuring the Nation’s Success
[date:]April 23, 2020
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Today, the U.S. House of Representatives passed H.R. 266, the Paycheck Protection Program and Health Care Enhancement Act, to provide additional funding for hospitals, COVID-19 testing, and the Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) for small businesses. The legislation now heads to the President’s desk to be signed into law. Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning released the following statement:
“The American people are confronting this public health crisis in extraordinary ways. The Administration and Congress are once again supporting these heroic efforts in record time as evidenced by this additional aid, which will strengthen the health of our communities and help our small businesses move our nation forward. At the same time, planning and preparation for recovery is critical to ensuring its success. AIA is working on several proposals that can help serve as a blueprint for our industry and the American economy to confidently return to full strength, rebuild resiliency, and recover stronger and safer than before.”

[title:]AIA Welcomes Introduction of Bipartisan Senate Bill to Extend Federal Contractor COVID-19 Pandemic Relief Authorities
[date:]February 26, 2021
[content:]Arlington, Va. — This week, U.S. Senators Marco Rubio (R-FL) and Mark Warner (D-VA) introduced S.460, a bipartisan bill that would extend the authority of Section 3610 of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act. The legislation would allow federal contractors to reimburse employees unable to perform work due to the COVID-19 pandemic from March 31, 2021, to September 30, 2021. Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) Vice President of Legislative Affairs Tim McClees released the following statement in support of the bill:
“The severity and length of the COVID-19 crisis are dual challenges that continue to affect our employees and operations. Section 3610 of the CARES Act has served as an important source of relief for our industrial base as we manage these obstacles. It enables aerospace and defense workers to continue to safely support vital NASA and national security programs. We applaud Senators Rubio and Warner for taking bipartisan action to support our workforce and supply chain, which are essential to America’s safety, security and recovery.”

[title:]AIA President and CEO: Bipartisan Public-Private Partnership for Aviation Manufacturing is Common Sense Plan to Prepare for Strong American Recovery
[date:]May 13, 2020
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Today, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning released the following statement on the introduction of the Private-Public Partnership to Preserve Jobs in the Aviation Manufacturing Industry Act of 2020 by U.S. Senators Jerry Moran (R-KS) and Mark Warner (D-VA):
“As our airline customers suffer, decline in air travel is also reverberating across the aviation manufacturing sector. The result is the cancellation of orders and a decreased demand for maintenance and repairs, which in turn, is helping lead to significant layoffs and furloughs in companies of all sizes. Temporary and targeted assistance is needed to help save these jobs. The private-public investment envisioned in this bill will provide such support by helping to keep at-risk employees on payroll, while also helping to unburden state unemployment programs. Senators Moran and Warner—bipartisan co-chairs of the Senate Aerospace Caucus—are showing real leadership in proposing this common sense plan to provide companies and employees support as they navigate this crisis and prepare for a strong American recovery.”
Last week, Fanning testified before the U.S. Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation about the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the aviation industry. In his recommendations to jumpstart America’s recovery, Fanning called on Congress to consider a private-public partnership to aid the workers of the ailing aviation manufacturing sector.
The Private-Public Partnership to Preserve Jobs in the Aviation Manufacturing Industry Act would establish a temporary, emergency cost sharing program through which the federal government would provide up to 50 percent of total compensation for at-risk employee groups so long as company commits to continuing their employment. This legislation would prevent further layoffs in aviation manufacturing by allowing employees to remain on the job and fully compensated for their work.

[title:]AIA Expands Its Legislative Affairs Team
[date:]February 18, 2021
[content:]Arlington, Va. — The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) is expanding its Legislative Affairs team, hiring Katarina DeFilippo and Scott Harris as Managers. In this role, DeFilippo and Harris will support AIA’s outreach and engagement with members of Congress and their staff.
“As aerospace and defense companies of all sizes continue to innovate and adapt through the COVID-19 pandemic, advocating for our more than 300 member companies and our industry’s more than 2 million employees has never been more important,” said AIA President and CEO Eric Fanning. “Katarina and Scott’s experience complements a strong and effective legislative affairs team and will help bolster our engagement with Congress to advance our industry’s leadership and global competitiveness.”
DeFilippo and Harris join AIA after serving on Capitol Hill. DeFilippo was a Legislative Assistant for Congressman Ron Estes (R-KS) where she primarily handled the congressman’s national security and transportation policy portfolio. While there, she gained extensive experience working with various aviation manufacturing companies to represent their interests in Washington.
Harris most recently served as a Legislative Correspondent/Aide for Congresswoman Terri Sewell (D-AL). He handled a policy portfolio that, among other things, included science and technology, transportation and infrastructure, and telecommunications. Previously, Harris was a grassroots organizer for presidential, Senate, and congressional elections, recruiting and training teams of hundreds of volunteers across the country.

[title:]AIA President & CEO Congratulates Deputy Secretary of Defense Kathleen Hicks on Confirmation
[date:]February 9, 2021
[content:]Arlington, Va. — Today, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning released the following statement applauding the U.S. Senate vote to confirm Kathleen Hicks as Deputy Secretary of Defense:
“We congratulate Deputy Secretary of Defense Kathleen Hicks, the first woman confirmed as Deputy Secretary of Defense. Her extensive national security experience and strategic vision will serve both the Department of Defense, and the nation, well. As the aerospace and defense industry continues to provide our military personnel with superior systems and capabilities, we look forward to working with Deputy Secretary Hicks to support our armed forces and strengthen America’s security.”
# # #
[title:]AIA President & CEO Statement on Successful Perseverance Landing
[date:]February 18, 2021
[content:]Arlington, Va. — Today, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning released the following statement on the successful landing of NASA’s Perseverance rover on Mars:
“Since launching on an Atlas V rocket over half a year ago, Perseverance has been on course to expand our knowledge of Mars. With its successful landing, this newest rover will build on the work of its predecessors and lay the groundwork for future missions, including sending humans to our neighboring planet.
“AIA congratulates NASA, the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, industry partners, and all the workers behind this incredible landing. The rover’s name is fitting, as this achievement is the culmination of years of continual hard work by government and industry leaders—and there’s still more work ahead. Whether through seeking signs of ancient life or helping test the first powered flight on the planet with the Ingenuity Mars Helicopter, Perseverance will both inform the next wave of space initiatives and inspire the next generation of space professionals.”

[title:]Aerospace Workers and Industry Coalition Applauds Jobs Protection Provision in FY21 Omnibus Reconciliation Act
[date:]February 11, 2021
[content:]Since the start of the pandemic, more than 100,000 American aerospace jobs have been lost; without congressional action, over 200,000 total jobs are at risk
Arlington, Va. — Today, a coalition representing aviation manufacturers, a labor union, maintenance and repair organizations, and the defense industrial base is coming together to praise the inclusion of a payroll support fund to protect aviation manufacturing jobs in the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee’s portion of the Fiscal Year 2021 (FY21) Omnibus Reconciliation Act. The provision would provide a federal cost-share program to retain aerospace workers who are at risk of being furloughed and recall workers who were furloughed due to the drastic reduction in air travel since the COVID-19 pandemic began. As many as 5,550 businesses and 130,000 workers could benefit from this assistance.
For months, this coalition – comprised of the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA), the Aeronautical Repair Station Association (ARSA), the General Aviation Manufacturers Association (GAMA), the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers (IAM), and the National Defense Industrial Association (NDIA) – has called attention to the urgent need to assist this critical workforce. In November, AIA President and CEO Eric Fanning and IAM International President Robert Martinez Jr. co-authored an op-ed urging Congress to pass bipartisan legislation to keep employees on the payroll.
“The COVID-19 pandemic has devastated the airline industry and, in turn, the highly skilled aviation manufacturing workforce that supports it,” said AIA President and CEO Eric Fanning. “This payroll support program will make it possible for manufacturers to retain or rehire thousands of hard-working Americans. By protecting this vital workforce, we can help ensure the recovery and continued success of an industry that is critical to our nation’s economy and security.”
“Tens of thousands of American aviation maintenance jobs are at risk as the pandemic-related economic disruptions continue,” said ARSA Executive Vice President Christian Klein. “We’re extremely grateful that Reps. Larsen, Estes and others are working to protect workers, not just in aviation-heavy states like Washington and Kansas, but throughout the country. Their legislation will help ensure that when this crisis passes aviation maintainers and manufacturers still have the highly skilled workers they need to keep America flying and to support the nation’s economic recovery.”
“The aviation manufacturing and maintenance industry is an integral part of the U.S. economy and transportation system. Our industry and its highly skilled workforce continue to face pandemic-related challenges and obstacles. We commend the leadership shown by Senators Cantwell and Moran and Representatives Larsen and Estes to support the retention and rehiring of the aviation manufacturers and maintenance providers workforce. It is essential that both industry and government partner together to protect this vital job sector,” said Pete Bunce, GAMA President and CEO.
“Machinists Union members are the most skilled and dedicated aerospace and defense workers in the world,” said IAM International President Robert Martinez Jr. “We must do everything we can to preserve such a critical workforce through this crisis and be ready for growth when it passes. As the largest aerospace and defense union in North America, we applaud Reps. Larsen and Estes, Sens. Cantwell and Moran, and others who are championing this bipartisan, worker-first and desperately needed legislation.”
“NDIA welcomes this inclusion to the aviation manufacturing provision for a simple reason: We must preserve the skilled workforce of this industry. These workers, the most important asset our defense industrial base has, do not come by their skills and security clearances overnight; having to replace them would be a generational endeavor and cede an advantage to our nation’s competitors,” said Gen. Hawk Carlisle, NDIA President and CEO.
The provision would establish a payroll support program within the U.S. Department of Transportation to provide grants to eligible manufacturers and their suppliers to maintain vital workforces during the pandemic. The temporary program would require cost-sharing of 50 percent by employers, who must identify an eligible employee group comprising not more than 25 percent of their U.S. workforce engaged in aviation manufacturing or maintenance, repair, and overhaul activities. The funds provided must be used to retain current employees or to recall employees who were previously laid off.

[title:]AIA President & CEO Applauds Confirmation of Secretary of Homeland Security Alejandro Mayorkas
[date:]February 2, 2021
[content:]Arlington, Va. — Today, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning released the following statement congratulating Alejandro Mayorkas on his confirmation by the U.S. Senate to be Secretary of Homeland Security:
“Today, the Senate took an important step toward ensuring our country’s continued security with a bipartisan vote to confirm Secretary of Homeland Security Alejandro Mayorkas.
“Secretary Mayorkas brings extensive government experience that will serve him well as the first Latino and immigrant to lead this department. The aerospace and defense industry looks forward to working with him on a number of pressing issues, including cybersecurity protections and safeguarding our critical infrastructure, to ensure a more secure America.”

[title:]AIA President & CEO Congratulates Secretary of Transportation Pete Buttigieg on Confirmation
[date:]February 2, 2021
[content:]Arlington, Va. — Today, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning released the following statement applauding the U.S. Senate vote to confirm Pete Buttigieg as Secretary of Transportation:
“Congratulations to newly confirmed Secretary of Transportation Pete Buttigieg. As the former mayor of South Bend, Indiana, and the first openly gay leader of an American cabinet agency, Secretary Buttigieg is both breaking ground for the LGBTQ community and bringing critical local government experience in optimizing transportation and public-private partnerships to the department.
“Through innovations like advanced air mobility, more sustainable aviation technologies and fuels, and commercial space transportation, the aerospace and defense industry will help define the future of travel in the U.S. and around the world. We look forward to working with Secretary Buttigieg on rebuilding and reimagining our infrastructure, while investing in the technologies that will revolutionize the way people and products move.”

[title:]AIA President & CEO Congratulates Secretary of State Antony Blinken on Confirmation
[date:]January 26, 2021
[content:]Arlington, Va. — Today, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning released the following statement applauding Antony Blinken’s confirmation by the U.S. Senate to be Secretary of State:
“We congratulate Secretary of State Antony Blinken on his confirmation today. He will bring a wealth of knowledge and strong relationships to this position, which will play a key role in our economic and national security in the years to come.
“As our partners and allies seek deeper connections with the United States, collaboration between our government and the aerospace and defense industry will be crucial to enhancing security cooperation, industrial partnerships, fair market access, and effective export control regulations. We are ready to work with the Secretary and his team to expand our multilateral relationships abroad and ensure our foreign policy strengthens American values, security, and economic success into the future.”

[title:]The American Rocketry Challenge Receives the National Aviation Hall of Fame’s Spirit of Flight Award
[date:]January 21, 2021
[content:]Arlington, Va. — This week, the Board of Trustees of the National Aviation Hall of Fame (NAHF) presented its 2020 Spirit of Flight Award to the American Rocketry Challenge. The Spirit of Flight Award recognizes organizations that serve a special need of the nation and set high standards by the utilization of aerospace assets. One of the most applicable of the criteria met by the American Rocketry Challenge is the “creativity” that voters of the Spirit of Flight Award are charged to identify.
“The Spirit of Flight Award from the National Aviation Hall of Fame is a tremendous honor,” said Aerospace Industries Association President & CEO Eric Fanning. “Hosting the American Rocketry Challenge is a privilege for AIA, and this award recognizes our continued commitment to growing the next generation of aerospace and defense leaders. Year after year, we are inspired by the ingenuity and brilliance of our young rocketeers, and we cannot wait to see how they shape our future.”
NAHF President and CEO, Amy Spowart shares, “The American Rocketry Challenge definitely sets a high standard for STEAM education in this nation and that made it an easy choice for the Spirit of Flight voters.” Spowart adds, “The past awardees and the challenging criteria for this award put it among the most sought after in aerospace. The American Rocketry Challenge’s worthiness comes by way of its multifaceted benefits to aviation; from offering hands-on STEAM principles to students in 6th to 12th grade and encouraging them to consider and pursue careers in aerospace. It’s a win-win for our industry.”
Past winners of the Spirit of Flight range from historical groups like the WWII era “Flying Tigers”, to aerospace icons like the Apollo Missions, to industry leaders such as the Boeing Company. A complete list can be seen at https://www.nationalaviation.org/milton-caniff-spirit-of-flight-award.
About the American Rocketry Challenge 
The American Rocketry Challenge is the world’s largest rocket contest, with nearly 5,000 students nationwide competing annually. The contest provides students in 6th – 12th grades the opportunity to design, build, and launch model rockets and gain hands-on experience solving engineering problems. Sponsored by the Aerospace Industries Association, the National Association of Rocketry, and more than twenty aerospace industry partners, including NASA, the Federal Aviation Administration, and the Department of Defense, the challenge is the aerospace industry’s flagship program designed to encourage students to study science, technology, engineering and math.
About The National Aviation Hall of Fame: The National Aviation Hall of Fame, a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit, is the only Congressionally-chartered aviation hall of fame in the U.S. Based in Dayton, OH, the NAHF’s Heritage Hall & Education Center is committed to informing the public of American aviation heroes, their accomplishments, and their impact on advances in aviation from Early Flight to Space Travel. The NAHF strives to create a distinctive educational resource that will inspire future generations to appreciate our nation’s extraordinary aviation heritage through the men and women who created it.
About the Aerospace Industries Association: For over 100 years, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) has served as an advocate, resource, and convener to shape policy, shed light on the industry’s impact, and lay the groundwork for its future. CEO-level officers from across our more than 300 member companies guide these efforts, strengthening the industry’s ability to effectively support America’s national security and economy. Together, we advocate for effective federal investments; accelerated deployment of innovative technologies; policies that enhance our global competitiveness; and empower a capable and diverse 21st century workforce. For more information, visit www.aia-aerospace.org.

[title:]AIA President & CEO Congratulates Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin on Confirmation
[date:]January 22, 2021
[content:]Arlington, Va. — Today, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning released the following statement congratulating retired Army General Lloyd Austin on his confirmation by the U.S. Senate to be Secretary of the Department of Defense:
“We congratulate Lloyd Austin on his historic confirmation as the first African American Secretary of Defense. The Pentagon and the nation will benefit from his leadership and life-long commitment to serving our country.
“The proven partnership between government and industry is an essential element of our nation’s security. As the threats our nation faces continue to grow in number and complexity, the aerospace and defense industry remains ready to work with Secretary Austin and other DOD leaders to supply our armed forces with the capabilities and technology they need to safeguard the security of our nation.”

[title:]AIA President & CEO Statement on Congressional Override of President Trump’s Veto of the FY21 National Defense Authorization Act
[date:]January 1, 2021
[content:]Arlington, Va. — Today, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning released the following statement on the congressional override of President Trump’s veto of H.R., 6395, the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) for Fiscal Year 2021:
“Today, Congress sent a clear, bipartisan message to the American people and our servicemembers: the importance of our national security rises above politics. The aerospace and defense industry remains steadfast in our support of enacting this essential legislation into law.”

[title:]AIA President & CEO Urges Peaceful Transition of Power, Condemns Violence at the U.S. Capitol
[date:]January 7, 2021
[content:]Arlington, Va. — Today, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning released the following statement in response to congressional certification of the presidential election:
“We applaud Congress for its determination to keep our nation’s constitutional process on track in spite of the violent attempts to derail this important work. We congratulate President-elect Biden and Vice President-elect Harris on congressional certification of their election.
“We condemn—in the strongest terms—yesterday’s violence and those who incite such violence. Ensuring the peaceful transition of power is a hallmark of our democracy. We must remain committed to this as a nation.
“We must now unite to confront our most pressing challenges. As we move forward together, the aerospace and defense industry remains committed to supporting our country.”

[title:]AIA President & CEO Applauds Rescission of Executive Order That Undermined Diversity Training
[date:]January 20, 2021
[content:]Arlington, Va. — Today, President Joe Biden rescinded Executive Order 13950, which restricted the ability of the federal government and its contractors to provide certain diversity and inclusion trainings to employees. Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning issued the following statement:
“President Biden’s decision to rescind this executive order—as part of a whole-of-government initiative to advance racial equity—affirms the importance of diversity and inclusion to our nation and its workforce. Cultivating a workplace culture where employees from diverse communities are valued and respected drives innovation, while helping maintain the aerospace and defense industry’s competitive edge. We look forward to working the President and government leaders to strengthen diversity, inclusion, and equity initiatives throughout the federal government, including through effective anti-bias training.”

[title:]AIA Applauds EPA Rule to Adopt International Aircraft CO2 Standard
[date:]December 28, 2020
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Today, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) adopted the International Civil Aviation Organization’s first ever aircraft CO2 standard with its final rule on “Control of Air Pollution from Aircraft and Aircraft Engines: Proposed Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions Standards and Test Procedures.” The rule comes after more than a decade of work by ICAO member countries who first pushed for the development of a standard in October 2010 before arriving at the final airplane CO2 emissions certification standard in February 2016. In response to the rule, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) Vice President of Civil Aviation David Silver released the following statement:
“With this final rule, the EPA has demonstrated America’s commitment to global action against climate change and ensured U.S. aircraft will meet the same standards as our competitors across the world. Improving aircraft efficiency is a crucial part of the aviation industry’s plans to reduce CO2 emissions, and we look forward to working with the FAA to incorporate this standard into its aircraft certification requirements.”

[title:]AIA President & CEO Statement on President Trump’s Veto of the FY21 National Defense Authorization Act
[date:]December 23, 2020
[content:]Arlington, Va. — Today, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning released the following statement on President Trump’s veto of H.R., 6395, the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) for Fiscal Year 2021:
“There is no more essential duty for the American government than to ensure the safety and security of its people. The President’s veto undermines our national security preparedness and jeopardizes the jobs of Americans who make up our defense industrial base at a time when 1the country is in crisis. It is also a letdown for our troops and their families, both of who selflessly continue to serve our country. We urge Congress to prioritize national security and override this veto.”
CONTACT:
Veronica Bonilla(703) 358-1078 office(703) 674-9618 mobile[email protected]
[title:]AIA President & CEO: COVID-19 Relief Bill Provides Vital Assistance to Supply Chain
[date:]December 22, 2020
[content:]Arlington, Va. — Yesterday, Congress passed H.R. 133, the Coronavirus Response and Relief Supplemental Appropriations Act as part of the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2021. The legislation includes an extension of Section 3610 of the CARES Act and the Paycheck Protection Program. While this is important to aerospace and national security operations, more must be done to save the tens-of-thousands of U.S. aviation manufacturing jobs that are at risk due to the downturn in global air travel. Today, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning released the following statement:
“Aerospace and defense companies of all sizes continue to support the nation’s response to the COVID-19 pandemic—aided by relief provided early in the crisis. As normal operations were put on hold, Section 3610 of the CARES Act was a lifeline for our industrial base. It ensured that aerospace and defense employees could continue to access their worksites and support vital NASA and national security programs. The extension of Section 3610 and the Paycheck Protection Program will help companies large and small continue to protect the health and wellbeing of their workers as they support U.S. national security and the pandemic response.
“However, as the public health crisis wears on, the risk of even more job losses at all levels of our shared aerospace and defense supply chain grows. Our communities and our country cannot afford to lose the highly skilled, experienced workers who contribute greatly to our national and economic security. Moving forward, we urge Congress to take swift steps to establish an aviation worker payroll support program and save these critical American jobs.”
To learn more about the bipartisan congressional proposals to help prevent further aviation manufacturing industry layoffs, click here and here.

[title:]AIA President & CEO Statement on the Biden-Harris Inauguration
[date:]January 20, 2021
[content:]Arlington, Va. — Today, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning released the following statement on the inauguration of President Joe Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris:
“Today America united to continue its revered tradition of peacefully transferring power with the historic inauguration of President Joe Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris. Preserving our republic requires our unwavering commitment to the democratic process and values that make it possible.“The more than two million employees of the aerospace and defense industry are dedicated to working with our new leaders to help bridge divides in support of economic growth and national security.”

[title:]AIA President & CEO Applauds Passage of Bipartisan FY21 National Defense Authorization Act Conference Report
[date:]December 11, 2020
[content:]Arlington, Va. — Today, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning released the following statement on the bipartisan passage of H.R., 6395, the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) for Fiscal Year 2021 in the U.S. Senate and the U.S. House of Representatives:
“The FY21 NDAA reaffirms a tradition of bipartisan, bicameral support for meeting one of our nation’s greatest responsibilities—our national security. By providing strategic direction and timely, sufficient, and stable funding for the Department of Defense, this legislation helps to ensure the readiness of our troops and underscores the importance of the defense industrial base to our country’s security. The strategic guidance provided by the NDAA and our highly skilled industrial base enable our armed forces to match and surpass evolving threats around the world. We look forward to the President’s signature as soon as possible.”

[title:]AIA Announces Board Appointments for 2021
[date:]December 8, 2020
[content:]Arlington, Va. — The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) has elected Kathy J. Warden – Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President of Northrop Grumman Corporation – to serve as Chairman of AIA’s Board of Governors for 2021. Mike Petters – President and CEO of Huntington Ingalls Industries – will serve as Vice Chairman. Eric Fanning has been reelected as President and Chief Executive Officer, and Ginette Colot has been reelected as Secretary-Treasurer.
“I’m honored to take on this role on behalf of AIA’s members,” said Warden. “The aerospace and defense industry remains dedicated to our customers during these unprecedented times, and we will continue to be a driver for the global economy — strengthening our industry’s current and future workforce, sustaining the supply chain, and investing in technology and innovation.”
“Kelly Ortberg, Kathy Warden, and the full Executive Committee demonstrated steadfast leadership in guiding AIA and the industry through a year of complex challenges sparked by the COVID-19 crisis,” said Fanning. “As our Chairman in 2021, Kathy will continue playing an essential role in shaping AIA’s advocacy and outreach, this time with a focus toward recovery and resilience in the coming year and beyond.”
AIA represents more than 300 family-owned, regional, and global manufacturers and suppliers of every tier. Together, these world-class and high-technology companies support more than 2 million jobs across all 50 U.S. states and the District of Columbia.
Direct involvement of CEO-level officers from the country’s major aerospace and defense companies helps guide and shape the policy goals for AIA and entire industry. The association is led by a Board of Governors that meets twice a year and an Executive Committee that meets more frequently.
AIA’s Chairman, Vice Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and Secretary-Treasurer all serve on the Executive Committee. Additional members of the Executive Committee for 2021 are:
Tom Arseneault, President and Chief Executive Officer, BAE Systems
Mark Aslett, President and Chief Executive Officer, Mercury Systems
Thomas Bell, President – Defence and President and Chief Executive Officer, Rolls-Royce North America
William M. “Bill” Brown, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, L3Harris Technologies
Heather Bulk, Chief Executive Officer and Co-Founder, Special Aerospace Services
Leanne Caret, Executive Vice President, The Boeing Company
Eric DeMarco, President and Chief Executive Officer, Kratos Defense & Security Solutions, Inc.
Scott C. Donnelly, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer, Textron Inc.
Eileen Drake, Chief Executive Officer and President, Aerojet Rocketdyne
Tom Gentile, President and Chief Executive Officer, Spirit AeroSystems
Dave Kaufman, Chief Operating Officer, Ball Aerospace
Roger Krone, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Leidos Corporation
Nanda Kumar, President, Aerospace Group, Eaton Corporation
Mike Madsen, President and Chief Executive Officer, Honeywell Aerospace
Phebe Novakovic, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, General Dynamics Corporation
Kelly Ortberg, Special Advisor to the Office of the Chief Executive Officer, Raytheon Technologies
John Slattery, President and Chief Executive Officer, General Electric Aviation
James Taiclet, President and Chief Executive Officer, Lockheed Martin Corporation
Sol Kanthack, President, Andrews Tool Company, Associate Member Representative

[title:]AIA President & CEO: NASA Authorization Bill is Critical to American Leadership in Space
[date:]December 18, 2020
[content:]Arlington, Va. — Today, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning released the following statement applauding the U.S. Senate’s passage of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) Authorization Act of 2020:
“This bill reinforces the multiyear bipartisan consensus for a balanced NASA portfolio of science, technology, and exploration programs in low Earth orbit, back to the Moon, and on to Mars. It will help develop and shape the STEM workforce that will power American innovation. And it will help transform the way our world travels by supporting revolutionary aeronautics research. We must harness the momentum of this strong authorization act in the next Congress and administration, ensuring America’s continued leadership in space and aeronautics for years to come.”

[title:]AIA President & CEO Urges Congress to Pass FY21 National Defense Authorization Act
[date:]December 4, 2020
[content:]Arlington, Va. — After months of tireless effort and weeks of negotiation, bipartisan leaders of the U.S. Senate and U.S. House of Representatives Armed Services committees reached an agreement on the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) for Fiscal Year 2021. Today, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning released a statement urging passage of the legislation:
“Year after year, the NDAA provides critical capabilities and investments in innovation. It also provides direction and stability to the Department of Defense and America’s armed forces, as well as the world-class industrial base workforce that supports them. Especially amid the COVID-19 pandemic, the certainty that the NDAA offers the country, our companies, and our hundreds of thousands of employees is essential.
“This legislation sends a clear message to our allies and adversaries that security remains among our nation’s highest priorities. We urge all Members of Congress to vote for this bipartisan legislation.”
CONTACT: Veronica Bonilla(703) 358-1078 office(703) 674-9618 mobile[email protected]
[title:]AIA Statement on the 737 MAX Return to Service
[date:]November 18, 2020
[content:]“The Federal Aviation Administration’s (FAA) airworthiness directive for the 737 MAX follows a rigorous and thorough process. This level of scrutiny was justified, and the detailed process illustrates the FAA’s commitment to global aviation safety. Upon its return to commercial service, the 737 MAX will be one of the most closely examined aircraft to ever fly.
Safety remains the global aviation community’s top priority, and we are committed to continuous improvements to further strengthen aviation safety and boost confidence in air travel even further.”
[title:]AIA Congratulates President-Elect Biden and Vice President-Elect Harris, Reaffirms Partnership with Government Leaders
[date:]December 4, 2020
[content:]Collaboration underway with transition team
Arlington, Va. — Today, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) virtually convened its 2020 Fall Board of Governors meeting, which brought together hundreds of leaders from aerospace and defense to chart industry’s recovery and resilience from the COVID-19 crisis and beyond. A key pillar of this recovery is a strong partnership with government, which AIA President and CEO Eric Fanning reaffirmed in the following statement offering congratulations to President-elect Joe Biden and Vice President-elect Kamala Harris:
“The aerospace and defense industry congratulates President-elect Joe Biden and Vice President-elect Kamala Harris on their election. Few times in our history has the country faced such serious and sustained risks to our economic and national security, and we stand ready to work with the new Administration as they begin their service.
“The history of aerospace and defense—from helping our country through two world wars to putting the first person on the moon—is defined by a strong partnership between industry and government. We look forward to continuing this collaboration with the Biden Administration to ensure our country’s safety, security, and success.”
CONTACT: Veronica Bonilla(703) 358-1078 office(703) 674-9618 mobile[email protected]
[title:]Prioritizing Safety Through Evolving National Aerospace Standards
[date:]October 27, 2020
[content:]For over 75 years, the Aerospace Industries Association has developed National Aerospace Standards that have shaped our industry, enabled innovation, and most importantly, kept both our workforce and our government customers – the brave people who defend our nation – safe.
The safety of our over 2 million workers and the safety of our government customers, including the warfighter, remains the industry’s top priority. But as A&D continues to innovate, AIA must develop and amend standards to better support our industry and its customers, the environment,  and our workforce.
First developed in 1993, the Hazardous Materials Management Program (NAS411), acts as a resource for companies to design a customizable plan to manage and mitigate risk related to hazardous materials (HAZMAT) that may be contained in defense products (e.g., lead or cadmium), and required for their proper operations and maintenance. NAS411 plans and guidelines are used across defense sector to ensure product safety for our industry’s defense customers, while limiting HAZMAT impacts on the environment over the product lifecycles.  The reduction in HAZMAT risk also amply serves the industry’s goals in promoting the wellbeing of aerospace and defense workers, by reducing risks in defense product development and support activities. Thus, not only does NAS411 help ensure our products are safe for the warfighters and environment, but also serve to promote a healthy A&D employees workforce and our environment.
To ensure our industry’s keeps pace ever-evolving technological advancements and knowledge, AIA partnered with the US Department of Defense to release a new, fourth revision of NAS411. The latest update is designed to be integrated with other defense product-related safety requirements, including the use of the Hazardous Materials Target List (NAS411-1), a common list of HAZMAT substances subject to both risk management and reporting requirements, concurrently published as revision 2.
Along with the industry’s advancing technology, the update of NAS411-1 also represents a major step in A&D’s digital transformation. For the first time, the list of HAZMAT also be provided in a Systems Modeling Language (SysML) file, a streamlined format that integrates with model-based systems engineering applications. With standards of high importance like NAS411 and NAS411-1, this digital format of HMTL allows engineers to utilize innovative approaches to identify, assess and facilitate HAZMAT risk mitigation plans.
As the A&D industry develops new technologies, the National Aerospace Standards will continue to serve as the heart of our industry’s products, providing guidelines and requirements to ensure the safety and security of our industry’s products and their users, our workforce and our country – through and beyond the COVID-19 pandemic. To learn more about National Aerospace Standards, visit www.aia-nas.org.
[title:]AIA, Deloitte Study: US Advanced Air Mobility Market Could Reach $115B by 2035
[date:]January 26, 2021
[content:]Defined national strategy could create 280,000 jobs in budding commercial aircraft sector
Arlington, Va. — The market for advanced air mobility (AAM) in the United States is estimated to reach $115 billion annually by 2035, potentially creating more than 280,000 jobs, according to a report released today by the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) and Deloitte.
The report, “Advanced Air Mobility: Can the U.S. Afford to Lose the Race?” discusses how U.S. aerospace and defense (A&D) companies are poised to lead the nascent global industry, which is predicted to become mainstream in the 2030s. The report also provides a framework to guide U.S. efforts related to the possible economic and national security benefits of adopting this advanced mode of transportation.
Advanced air mobility, the next disruption in aerospace
AAM promises to transform how people and goods are transported through new, community-friendly, and cost-effective electric-powered air taxis and cargo shuttles. As part of this transformation, electric vertical takeoff and landing (eVTOL) aircraft are expected to be deployed in both rural and urban environments in the U.S. and other countries from 2025 onwards.
“Our industry is on the cusp of the next great step in aviation technology,” said Eric Fanning, AIA president and CEO. “By establishing a national strategy in AAM, we have the potential to give the U.S. a major competitive advantage in the global market and realize new national security benefits, including new ways to transport our troops and cargo. U.S. leadership in this emerging aviation technology is essential to bolstering our economy and innovation within America.”
The global race for AAM leadership is intensifying, and the U.S. faces strong competition from China, Germany and South Korea. The race carries high stakes for the U.S. economy with a potential of $20 billion in AAM exports by 2035, according to the study.
“The deployment of AAM will require a sustained, collaborative approach between the private and public sectors to push for eVTOL aircraft to be widely accepted and adopted, sooner rather than later,” said Robin Lineberger, Deloitte Global and U.S. A&D leader. “With the market poised to grow sevenfold between 2025 and 2035, it’s important for U.S. policymakers and industries to cooperate now to ensure American leadership in this transformative emerging sector.”
Public-private cooperation could be key to development
The report offers insights into how the U.S. can achieve and sustain a leadership position in AAM and provides recommendations on how to fill the current gaps. Three major focus areas are identified to consider:
Creating a clear and conducive policy environment that fosters public-private partnerships, streamlines vehicle testing and certification, and seamlessly integrates AAM into the existing airspace system.Leading in key technologies and capabilities by focusing R&D in key areas, including developing advanced battery/energy density, artificial intelligence and 5G technologies, and developing the right engineering talent for the future here at home.Developing and scaling the market with U.S. government investments and support to help build physical infrastructure such as vertiports or retrofit existing aerospace infrastructure and position the industry for exports.
The study concludes that, through a mix of balanced regulation and substantial investment in research, advanced technologies, physical infrastructure and talent, the U.S. could be uniquely poised to lead in this new aerospace market.
Study methodology
Deloitte and AIA conducted a series of executive interviews with more than 50 senior American aerospace and automotive industry leaders to examine the global race in the space and to identify key steps and conditions to consider for the U.S. to achieve leadership in AAM. Deloitte also conducted an executive survey with responses from 102 senior industry and policy executives in the U.S. to study the market potential for AAM and analyze the principal technologies required for developing AAM products and services.
About the Aerospace Industries Association
For over 100 years, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) has served as an advocate, resource, and convener to shape policy, shed light on the industry’s impact, and lay the groundwork for its future. CEO-level officers from across our more than 300 member companies guide these efforts, strengthening the industry’s ability to effectively support America’s national security and economy. Together, we advocate for effective federal investments; accelerated deployment of innovative technologies; policies that enhance our global competitiveness; and empower a capable and diverse 21st century workforce. For more information, visit www.aia-aerospace.org.
About Deloitte
Deloitte provides industry-leading audit, consulting, tax and advisory services to many of the world’s most admired brands, including nearly 90% of the Fortune 500® and more than 7,000 private companies. Our people come together for the greater good and work across the industry sectors that drive and shape today’s marketplace — delivering measurable and lasting results that help reinforce public trust in our capital markets, inspire clients to see challenges as opportunities to transform and thrive, and help lead the way toward a stronger economy and a healthier society. Deloitte is proud to be part of the largest global professional services network serving our clients in the markets that are most important to them. Now celebrating 175 years of service, our network of member firms spans more than 150 countries and territories. Learn how Deloitte’s more than 330,000 people worldwide connect for impact at www.deloitte.com.
CONTACT: Veronica Bonilla(703) 358-1078 office(703) 674-9618 mobile[email protected]
Abraham SilvaPublic RelationsDeloitte Services LP+1 713 982 3108 office+1 832 206 6519 mobile[email protected]
Deloitte refers to one or more of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited, a UK private company limited by guarantee (“DTTL”), its network of member firms, and their related entities. DTTL and each of its member firms are legally separate and independent entities. DTTL (also referred to as “Deloitte Global”) does not provide services to clients. In the United States, Deloitte refers to one or more of the US member firms of DTTL, their related entities that operate using the “Deloitte” name in the United States and their respective affiliates. Certain services may not be available to attest clients under the rules and regulations of public accounting. Please see www.deloitte.com/about to learn more about our global network of member firms.

[title:]AIA President & CEO: Congress Must Now Prioritize Full and Sustained Funding to Provide Stability for American Industry and Workers
[date:]September 30, 2020
[content:]Arlington, Va. — As the continuing resolution to fund the government through December 11 heads to the President’s desk to be signed into law, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning released the following statement:
“While avoiding a government shutdown is important, continuing resolutions undermine the certainty and consistency critical to America’s safety and security, particularly as this crisis continues. Aerospace and defense companies of all sizes—especially small- and medium-sized ones—need stability. Congress must now turn its attention to additional relief measures and to full appropriations as key ingredients for protecting these American jobs and ensuring American economic and national security.”
# # #
[title:]Hispanic Heritage Month Leadership Spotlight: Dan Watt, L3Harris Technologies
[date:]September 28, 2020
[content:]Dan Watt
VP Program Management & Products, Communication Systems and Executive Sponsor of the Hispanic/Latino Organization for Leadership & Advancement (HOLA) Employee Resource Group
L3Harris Technologies





L3Harris’ Dan Watt, VP Program Management & Products, Communication Systems and Executive Sponsor of the Hispanic/Latino Organization for Leadership & Advancement (HOLA) Employee Resource Group, shares the importance of embracing various cultures as we celebrate Hispanic Heritage Month.
“I have had close ties to Hispanic/Latinx culture from a very young age and have come to love and deeply appreciate the vibrancy, openness and warmth the culture has to offer. You might say my passion for the culture led me to my wife who was born and raised in Mexico. In my home, we enjoy and celebrate the differences that various cultures bring to our everyday lives.
In my experience, there is no better way to embrace a different culture than to learn more about it and to celebrate it. As we continue to live in uneasy and uncertain times due to a pandemic that has drastically affected our economy and personal lives, and as our country continues to fight racism and social injustices, we must find creative solutions to overcome and appreciate our differences. This requires listening, approaching each other with an open mind and working to build an understanding of one another.”
Learn more about L3Harris’ commitment to diversity here: https://www.l3harris.com/careers/high-energy
[title:]AIA Unveils “Roadmap to Recovery” to Guide A&D Industry’s Comeback
[date:]September 23, 2020
[content:]Arlington, Va. — Today, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) released its “Roadmap to Recovery,” a strategic action plan for how aerospace and defense companies can work with government leaders to recover from the COVID-19 crisis and emerge even more resilient on the other end.
To better understand the crisis’ impact on the industry’s employees, companies, and its shared supply chain, AIA turned to Avascent, Boston Consulting Group, and McKinsey & Company for expert analysis. This independent research combined with comprehensive input and insight from our members resulted in a report that both identifies how the crisis is undermining the industry and provides a blueprint to help guide its recovery.
“This crisis is not only devastating our aviation sector, its shockwaves are reverberating across the defense sector because of our shared supply chain,” said AIA President and CEO Eric Fanning. “While companies and government leaders have taken initial steps to support jobs and help businesses survive, the severity of this crisis requires additional action. AIA’s ‘Roadmap to Recovery’ provides a strategic blueprint to help ensure a strong comeback, one that ensures the health of our workers, the resilience of our industry, and renewed strength in America’s national and economic security.”
Central to the Roadmap to Recovery are several recommendations to help industry and government overcome the crisis:
Industry Actions
Restoring Confidence in Air Travel – To help rebuild public confidence in the safety of air travel, A&D is partnering with allies across the travel industry—including the International Air Transport Association, Airports Council International, Airlines for America, and other airline and airport groups—to highlight the many layers of prevention, protection, and safety built into the travel journey.Strengthening the Resilience of the Supply Base – The industry will work to optimize communication between original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), prime contractors, and suppliers to ensure suppliers receive clear, stable information about upcoming demand as early as possible, which will increase suppliers’ ability to plan, even during uncertain times.Flexible Actions to Support Suppliers – Flexibility is essential during periods of uncertainty and crisis for businesses of all sizes. Private companies can support flexibility in the supply chain by offering balance-sheet support and sharing inventory risk.
Proposed Government Actions
Targeted, Temporary, and Transparent Payroll Assistance – Protecting jobs and keeping employees on payroll is a shared priority for American businesses and policymakers. Enacting a transparent payroll cost share program, extending key CARES Act programs, and continuing supplemental funding to cover payroll expenses would help companies continue to pay employee wages, salaries, and benefits.Broader Financial Relief for Civil Aerospace – Government leaders could develop a derivative of the Small Business Administration Small Business Investment Company Program and establish an equity and/or debt investment fund that would send government-backed capital to suppliers in need.Research and Development (R&D) and Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM) Education Government Stimulus – Investment in cutting-edge technologies can help protect jobs and critical skills now, while also paying economic dividends in the future.Maintenance Repair Overhaul (MRO) Stimulus – To help minimize MRO service disruptions, government could create funding opportunities for viable U.S. airlines’ major upcoming/scheduled MRO shop visits.Accelerating Defense Procurement – The Department of Defense can help relieve some of the stress on the industrial base by accelerating defense system and service procurements, with a focus on initiatives that involve suppliers with notable commercial aerospace exposure, and continuing to authorize increased payments against ongoing contracts as they reach development and production milestones.Continued Sustained and Stable Government Aerospace and Defense Funding – Sustained and stable federal investment in aerospace and defense will help ensure America’s national security and technological edge and preserve the health of the defense industrial base.
For more information, please click here to read the full report.

[title:]AIA and First Book Launch Partnership to Bring 25,000 New STEM Books to Kids in Need
[date:]December 6, 2019
[content:]Partnership closes out the 2019 celebration of AIA’s centennial year with aerospace-themed book donations in time for winter break
Arlington, Va. — The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA), the voice of the American aerospace and defense industry, and First Book, the nonprofit social enterprise committed to equal access to quality education, today announced a partnership to distribute over 25,000 new, high-quality science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM) books to elementary schools in communities across the country. The partnership commemorates AIA’s 100-year anniversary with a distribution of 200 individually curated collections of 100 books highlighting the stories of aviators, scientists, and space explorers to 200 educators in 10 cities the week of December 16-20, AIA’s designated #MyPlaceinSpace Week.
“A child’s zip code shouldn’t determine the brightness of their future or the size of their dreams,” said Eric Fanning, president and CEO of AIA. “AIA’s partnership with First Book will empower young learners to unlock a world—and universe—of possibility with the turn of every page. We will help them reach beyond the stars to become the scientists, engineers, and astronauts of tomorrow.”
AIA’s #MyPlaceinSpace Week will feature events at schools in San Diego, California; Denver, Colorado; District of Columbia; Fort Bragg, North Carolina; Orlando, Florida; Minneapolis, Minnesota; Albuquerque, New Mexico; Oklahoma City, Oklahoma; Houston, Texas; and Seattle, Washington. The partnership will expand its focus on growing STEM libraries at schools in more than 25 low-income communities through 2021.
“We afford kids in need so few opportunities, and we compromise their potential, when we limit their world views,” said Kyle Zimmer, president, CEO, and co-founder of First Book. “Illuminating STEM subjects benefits all of us—it shows kids what’s possible, it inspires a love of reading, and ignites ideas that could show us the way to what’s next. We are so grateful that the Aerospace Industries Association is focusing on bringing STEM books to kids who may not have had access to them otherwise. We can’t wait to watch kids discover the universe.” 
# # #
About AIA
Serving as the voice of American aerospace and defense since 1919, the Aerospace Industries Association represents manufacturers and suppliers across every high-technology manufacturing sector, providing strong advocacy essential to ensuring the current and future success of our nation and our industry. AIA’s work as an advocate and convener is essential to shaping policy, shedding light on the industry’s impact, and empowering its future. In partnership with the National Association of Rocketry and more than 20 industry partners, AIA sponsors the American Rocketry Challenge, the world’s largest student rocket contest.
About First Book
Founded in Washington, D.C., in 1992 as a 501(c)3 nonprofit social enterprise, First Book is a leader in the educational equity field. Over its 27-year history, First Book has distributed more than 185 million books and educational resources, with a value of more than $1.5 billion. First Book believes education offers children in need the best path out of poverty. First Book breaks down barriers to quality education by providing its network of more than 450,000 registered teachers, librarians, after school program leaders, and others serving children in need with millions of free and affordable new, high-quality books, educational resources, and basic needs items through the award-winning First Book Marketplace nonprofit eCommerce site. The First Book Network comprises the largest and fastest-growing community of formal and informal educators serving children in need.
First Book also expands the breadth and depth of the education field through a family of social enterprises, including First Book Research & Insights, its proprietary research initiative, and the First Book Accelerator, which brings best-in-class research to the classroom via relevant, usable educator resources. First Book Impact Funds target support to areas of particular need, such as rural communities or increasing diversity in children’s books.
For more information, visit firstbook.org or follow the latest news on Facebook and Twitter.
[title:]AIA Statement on Announcement of U.S.-China Trade Deal
[date:]January 15, 2020
[content:]Arlington, Va. — Mitigating the risks of ever-escalating retaliatory tariffs and preserving access to key markets is welcome news for the aerospace and defense industry, our customers, and our global competitiveness. With the successful conclusion of this Phase One agreement, we encourage continued good faith negotiations in support of free, fair, and sustainable trade with strong protections for American intellectual property moving forward.

[title:]AIA: NASA Authorization Bill Propels American Leadership in Space Forward
[date:]January 24, 2020
[content:]Statement by Aerospace Industries Association President and CEO Eric Fanning
Arlington, Va. — The introduction of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) Authorization Act of 2020 is a vital part of supporting and sustaining American leadership in space and aeronautics.
“NASA is a critically important organization that is leading us into the future. It not only conducts cutting-edge research, but also drives our economy and inspires the next generation of American workers,” said AIA President and CEO Eric Fanning. “But none of this is possible without the passage of an authorization bill. Thank you, Chairwoman Kendra Horn, for your leadership in putting forth this legislation. We remain committed to working with Congress to pass a NASA authorization bill this year.”

[title:]AIA: United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement is Modern Trade Deal Industry Needs
[date:]January 16, 2020
[content:]Statement by Aerospace Industries Association President and CEO Eric Fanning
Arlington, Va. — The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) praised the U.S. Senate’s vote today to ratify the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA). The USMCA will strengthen the U.S. aerospace and defense (A&D) industry’s relationships with Canada and Mexico, help support our more than 2.5 million American jobs, and bolster the industry’s nearly $90 billion trade surplus, which is the largest of any sector.
“Modernizing trade relationships with Canada and Mexico helps protect America’s access to critical markets and international supply chains, while also supporting our national security and economic future,” said AIA President and CEO Eric Fanning. “The USMCA will help ensure that the U.S. aerospace and defense industry continues to be the global leader in innovation and manufacturing.”
Collectively, trade with Canada and Mexico reached nearly $1.2 trillion in 2018. U.S. A&D exports to Canada amounted to nearly $10 billion, while exports to Mexico amounted to nearly $5 billion. Canada and Mexico were also the United States’ second and sixth largest aerospace suppliers, bolstering the competitiveness of U.S. aerospace and defense systems sold around the world.
CONTACT: Veronica Bonilla(703) 358-1078 office(703) 674-9618 mobile[email protected]
[title:]A&D Industry Responds to Proposed Counterfeit Parts DFARS Rule
[date:]February 19, 2014
[content:]February 19, 2014
On February 3, AIA submitted a comment letter to the Federal Acquisition Regulatory Secretariat of the U.S. General Services Administration on behalf of its member companies in response to FAR CASE 2012—032, a proposed rule regarding “Higher-Level Contract Quality Requirements” to support initiatives pertaining to the proliferation of counterfeit parts.
AIA’s letter pointed out that the A&D industry already has in place sound management systems to address the counterfeit parts issue. Further, the letter addressed the following concerns: 1) the scope of the proposed rule is unduly broad, extending counterfeit prevention requirements beyond electronic parts; 2) the proposed rule broadens the application of higher quality standards beyond commodity-specific procurement activities, which in the long-run would cause unintended product costs to the government with no additional benefits; 3) expanding the scope of the Contractor Purchasing System Review process would intrude on existing industry business processes; 4) small businesses would be unduly burdened by the regulation; 5) commercial items generally and commercial off-the-shelf items in particular should be extended safe harbor exemptions by the government; and 6) in the fight against counterfeit parts, a more effective government focus would be to strengthen policy associated with obsolescence management as this is a key contributor to counterfeit risk.
AIA also co-signed a letter on the subject submitted by the Council of Defense and Space Industry Association. This combined approach ensures multi-industry solidarity with the prominent messages being conveyed to the FAR council prior the incorporation of the pending rule.
AIA and its member companies are committed to detecting and avoiding the proliferation of counterfeit parts sold in the global market and those potentially in the aerospace and defense supply chain. Initiatives already supported by industry  provide the foundation to ensure civil aviation safety and tactical military superiority remains uncompromised.
For more information regarding the AIA Comment Letter, please contact: Gery Mras, AIA’s Director, Life Cycle Management, (703) 358-1065.
To review all Comment Letters pertaining to FAR CASE 2012-032, please visit: http://www.regulations.gov/#!docketDetail;D=FAR-2012-0032
[title:]The American Rocketry Challenge 2020 Competition Postponed Until 2021
[date:]April 6, 2020
[content:]Arlington, Va. – To ensure the health and safety of our rocketeers, mentors, teachers, and their families, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) is officially postponing the 2020 American Rocketry Challenge competition and will roll over this year’s rules into the 2021 competition.
Last month, teams were directed to suspend all qualification flights and launches and follow the guidance of their schools, the Centers for Disease Control (CDC), and state and local health departments. Teams were notified of the competition’s postponement at the end of March.
All registered 2020 teams will be automatically registered to compete in the 2021 season. The 2021 season of the American Rocketry Challenge will use the same rules as the 2020 season. Teams wishing to withdraw and no longer compete next year may receive a refund of their registration fee.
To provide students with an impactful STEM experience throughout the summer, the American Rocketry Challenge is still awarding prizes for three additional competitions that can be completed remotely:
New this year, the Marketing Competition asks students to create a 30 to 120 second video to generate excitement about their team, the rocketry challenge, and aerospace and space exploration. The winning team will receive $2,000, a custom logo and poster designed by the same firm that created the competition’s logo, and custom-designed gear for each team member. Prizes of $1,000 and $500 will be awarded to second and third place winners, along with branded American Rocketry Challenge merchandise.The Engineering Notebook Competition awards the team that skillfully crafts an engineering notebook documenting their design cycle for the American Rocketry Challenge. The winning team will receive $1,000.The Presentation Competition has teams create presentations explaining the design and strategy behind their rocket to a panel of rocketry experts and engineers. The first place team will receive $2,000, while the second and third place teams will receive $1,000 and $500, respectively. In addition, there will be a separate $1,000 prize for Best Newcomer, given to the best rookie team with first-time teachers and students.
For more information on the competition’s postponement, please visit the Frequently Asked Questions page on the American Rocketry Challenge’s website.
Contact:
Veronica Bonilla(703) 358-1078 office(703) 674-9618 mobile[email protected]
About the American Rocketry Challenge: The American Rocketry Challenge is the world’s largest rocket contest, with nearly 5,000 students nationwide competing annually. The contest provides students in 6th – 12th grades the opportunity to design, build, and launch model rockets and gain hands-on experience solving engineering problems. Sponsored by the Aerospace Industries Association, the National Association of Rocketry, and more than twenty aerospace industry partners, including NASA, the Federal Aviation Administration, and the Department of Defense, the challenge is the aerospace industry’s flagship program designed to encourage students to study science, technology, engineering and math.
About the Aerospace Industries Association: For over 100 years, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) has served as an advocate, resource, and convener to shape policy, shed light on the industry’s impact, and lay the groundwork for its future. CEO-level officers from across our more than 300 member companies guide these efforts, strengthening the industry’s ability to effectively support America’s national security and economy. Together, we advocate for effective federal investments; accelerated deployment of innovative technologies; policies that enhance our global competitiveness; and empower a capable and diverse 21st century workforce. For more information, visit www.aia-aerospace.org.
[title:]AIA President and CEO: Stimulus Agreement is Critical Step Towards America’s Path to Recovery
[date:]April 21, 2020
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning released the following statement on the bipartisan agreement reached between Congress and the Administration to provide additional funding for hospitals, COVID-19 testing, and the Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) for small businesses:
“This agreement is a critical step towards setting our country on the path to recovery. The aid for testing and hospitals is essential for our communities and ensuring the safety of our industry’s workers.
“In addition, our members have described the Paycheck Protection Program as a lifesaver. The additional funding announced today will provide small businesses—who may not have been able to take advantage of the program in the first round—with the resources they need to help keep workers employed and supply chains flowing. We urge Congress to pass this legislation and the President to sign it swiftly.”

[title:]AIA President and CEO: More Help is Needed to Support Small Businesses in the Supply Chain
[date:]April 16, 2020
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Today, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning released the following statement on the need to increase support for the aerospace and defense industry’s supply chain:
“Small businesses in our supply chain are the lifeblood of our industry. The best way to keep them whole is to keep them safe and working. Cash flow is the key to doing both. The tools and resources federal leaders already approved have been a powerful aid to these businesses and the nation’s economy. However, more help is needed. Increasing support and expanding access for small businesses is essential to not only navigating this crisis, but also fueling the recovery our country will need.”

[title:]AIA President and CEO to American Leaders: Put Politics Aside and Help Our Country Move Forward
[date:]March 24, 2020
[content:]Arlington, Va. — As the Administration and Congress develop an economic stimulus package to respond to the COVID-19 pandemic, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning released the following statement:
“Public health and safety are essential, but so are tools to help our employees and businesses bridge the gap created by COVID-19. It is essential for American leaders from both parties and at every level to put politics aside and take immediate action to help our country move forward. Time is of the essence, and the stakes couldn’t be higher.”
AIA represents more than 300 companies and the industry’s 2.5 million workers — ranging from multinational prime contractors to family-owned businesses.

[title:]AIA Commends Bipartisan Leadership on the CARES Act
[date:]March 27, 2020
[content:]Arlington, Va. — Today, President Trump signed the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act to respond to the COVID-19 pandemic. Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning released the following statement:
“In the face of an extraordinary public health crisis, the Administration and Congress assembled a blueprint to aid the American people, our employees, and the industries that sustain our national and economic security. For aerospace and defense, this legislation offers tools and incentives that can help provide some support and stability during this crisis. It is a critical investment in our small businesses and supply chain, which are the lifeblood of our industry.”

[title:]AIA Applauds Senate Passage of Coronavirus Stimulus Package, Urges House to Pass the Bill
[date:]March 26, 2020
[content:]Arlington, Va. — Today, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning released the following statement on the U.S. Senate’s passage of H.R. 748, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act:
“This comprehensive package prioritizes public health and safety, laying out a roadmap for relief and recovery for the American public and U.S. economy. It provides critical tools to help our employees, small businesses, supply chain, and industrial base navigate this crisis.
“Congress came together to craft this bipartisan package with an urgency that reflects the seriousness of this situation. It is an encouraging signal that our leaders are putting politics aside and America first as we face this unprecedented challenge as a nation. We urge the House to follow the Senate’s lead and pass the bill, so it can move to the President’s desk as soon as possible.”

[title:]AIA: FCC Must Protect GPS Network That Underpins American Economic and National Security
[date:]April 16, 2020
[content:]Arlington, Va. – The aerospace and defense industry relies on L-band satellite communications and location services to ensure national security and safe, efficient, and reliable air travel. The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) released the following statement on Federal Communications Commission (FCC) Chairman Ajit Pai’s proposed approval of Ligado Networks’ application to reallocate L-band spectrum:
“New technology is vital to America’s economy, national security, and to our aerospace and defense industry. However, the government has a responsibility to help ensure it is deployed in a way that does not jeopardize the work of our armed forces or the safety of the American people. Today’s announcement disregards the serious concerns raised by various government agencies about the harmful impacts to GPS. We urge the FCC to reject the Chairman’s proposal and adequately protect the GPS network that underpins our nation’s military operations and the safety of our airspace.”
Today, AIA also joined a coalition of aerospace, satellite, and weather industries to call on the FCC to close the Ligado proceeding and dismiss pending applications.

[title:]AIA President and CEO Urges American Leaders to Help Protect America’s Aerospace & Defense Workforce and Support National Security
[date:]March 18, 2020
[content:]Aerospace and defense workers are essential, representing nearly 20 percent of the nation’s manufacturing workforce
Arlington, Va. — Today, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning released the following statement, which sets a path forward to ensure the resilience of the industry amid the COVID-19 pandemic. AIA represents more than 300 companies and the industry’s 2.5 million workers — ranging from multinational prime contractors to family-owned businesses.
“Unprecedented challenges present unprecedented opportunities for America’s leaders to work together to support our country’s economic and national security. Few industries are more inextricably linked to our nation’s continued success and global competitiveness than aerospace and defense. Our people, products, and common supply chain help to power our economy and to provide our warfighters—many of whom are currently deployed—the world-class capabilities and tools they need to defend our nation’s security.
“Right now, extraordinary challenges to our workforce and our heavily integrated supply chain are reverberating across America’s industrial base, which in turn, is having a major and measurable impact on our economy. Here are four key proposals to help protect our workforce and ensure our industry is resilient in this crisis and comes out stronger:
Temporary injection of public and private investment into the system to help mitigate reduced cash flow and financial burdens stemming from the COVID-19 crisis. Liquidity is the prime tool to help companies throughout the supply chain navigate through the crisis;Measures to help support our workforce that would enable employers to protect jobs and our national security during the pandemic. To support the continuation of critical national security work during the period of uncertainty, the Administration and DOD should designate national security programs and workforce as essential. Like our citizens that have been asked to continue working at grocery stores, pharmacies, banks, and gas stations to support our communities, our workforce must continue to deliver products and services to our armed services as they continue to protect our security here at home and around the globe;Support for small businesses and our supply chain to help ensure availability of people and products that are essential to the industry during the pandemic;Clear and consistent guidance for all federal contracts to help accelerate payments, obligations, and contract awards and facilitate the flow down of critical resources to the supply chain and stabilize procurements, while ensuring minimal disruption to the delivery of goods and services.
“We urge American leaders at every level—local, state, and federal—to seize this opportunity to work together to help support our industry, which is essential to our country’s economic and national security.”

[title:]AIA Proposes New Space Exports Controls Revisions to Advance U.S. Leadership in Space Technology
[date:]December 23, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) submitted comments to key government agencies recommending updates to space-related export controls to make U.S. space technology more competitive on the global stage.
“Modern export controls are essential in advancing U.S. global space leadership. These efforts by the Department of State and the Department of Commerce to modernize space-related export controls are critical for U.S. companies to maintain their edge is space technology that supports our national security and foreign policy goals,” said Dak Hardwick, AIA’s Vice President of International Affairs. “AIA’s comments further strengthen these proposed changes and we are eager to continue collaborating with the Departments of State and Commerce to ensure the regulations are clear, consistent, and effective in supporting U.S. interests.”
“As the U.S. space industrial base continues to expand and technological innovation accelerates, AIA, on behalf of the U.S. space industry, remains committed to advancing the space enterprise while protecting national security and enabling commercial space interests abroad,” said Steve Jordan Tomaszewski, AIA’s Vice President of Space Systems.
Key recommendations provided to the Directorate of Defense Trade Controls (DDTC) and the Bureau of Industry and Security (BIS) include:

Ensure controls accurately reflect Missile Technology Control Regime (MTCR) commitments and determinations: As written, DDTC’s proposed rule controls technology that is no longer listed in the MTCR’s technology annex is not controlled by other MTCR partner nations, or includes language that may create confusion among industry regarding MTCR determination of articles. Attention should be placed on unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) rocket propulsion systems, “specially designed parts and components” of separation systems and staging mechanisms, and UAV airborne launching systems.  
Define terms clearly in the U.S. Munitions List (USML) and § 121.0 to ensure they reflect widely recognized understandings of space technology: Proposed definitions of terms provide clarity and support interpretation and adoption from industry. This effort to provide clear definitions should be further expanded and reflect the A&D industry’s understanding of space technology and spaceflight.   
Provide clarity on proposed USML changes to avoid misinterpretation: Given the scope of changes, industry would benefit from further review on certain USML paragraphs to ensure the intended controlled technology is clearly stated and understood. Misinterpretation may be avoided through minor reclassifications, further defining controlled articles, and ensuring references are aligned and clear.    

In 2023, the U.S. aerospace and defense industry exported $135.9 billion of goods in 2023 and serves as a symbol of U.S. global trade leadership and technological innovation. The rate of change in new technology is steep, especially in space, and the U.S. aerospace and defenseindustry continues working with the DDTC to ensure that the most critical technology is safeguarded for national and economic security. 
Find the summarized comments here.

[title:]AIA Statement on President’s FY2021 Budget Request
[date:]February 10, 2020
[content:]Statement by Aerospace Industries Association President and CEO Eric Fanning
Arlington, Va. — As the Administration and Congress work together to develop the Fiscal Year 2021 budget, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) urges critical investments in the civil aviation, defense, and space technologies that will ensure American security and global competitiveness now and in the future.
“Sufficient and stable funding is the backbone of manufacturing and innovation, and our competitors are making more investments than ever before,” said AIA President and CEO Eric Fanning. “Global threats must help guide our capabilities, and U.S. investment should match. To maintain American leadership, we need a predictable and timely budget process—one that provides the resources we need to strengthen our economic success and national security.”

[title:]AIA Statement on Senator Wicker’s Plan to Reform Pentagon’s Acquisition Process
[date:]December 19, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today reacted to Senate Armed Services Committee Ranking Member Roger Wicker’s newly released proposal and accompanying legislation, the FORGED Act, that will streamline the Department of Defense’s acquisition system by removing cumbersome regulations to unleash industry innovation. 
“As the voice of the American aerospace and defense industry, we welcome Senator Wicker’s continued focus on strengthening the defense industrial base and reforming defense acquisition,” Fanning said. “Senator Wicker’s proposal, along with the Department of Government Efficiency, offers a real opportunity to unleash innovation and get new weapons and equipment to the warfighter faster. We continue to review his full proposal, and we look forward to working with him to realize the full potential of our industrial base for national defense.”

[title:]AIA Presents Inaugural “The Wright Stuff Award” to Representative Mac Thornberry
[date:]February 27, 2020
[content:]Arlington, Va. — The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) honored U.S. Representative Mac Thornberry (R-Texas), Ranking Member of the House Armed Services Committee, as the inaugural recipient of “The Wright Stuff Award” at a Capitol Hill reception on February 26. Representative Thornberry’s leadership and policy contributions to America’s national and economic security during his 25 years in Congress are extensive and notable.
“For more than two decades, Congressman Thornberry has led the way when it comes to supporting our troops and helping spur commercial and military innovation,” said AIA President and CEO Eric Fanning. “Whether as Chairman or Ranking Member of the Armed Services Committee, he has proven to have ‘The Wright Stuff’ to not only strengthen American industry, but also bolster our national security and economic success.”


Representative Thornberry served as Chairman of the Armed Services Committee from January 2015 to January 2019. Throughout his time in Congress, he has demonstrated an unwavering commitment to ensuring that the United States has the cutting-edge military capability and agility to protect the nation, our people, and our interests around the world. Thornberry previously served in the Reagan Administration as Deputy Secretary of State for Legislative Affairs, worked on Capitol Hill as a chief of staff, and practiced law in Amarillo, Texas. His family has been ranching in the 13th District since 1881—a family business he’s still a part of.
“I am very grateful to be the inaugural recipient of ‘The Wright Stuff Award.’ The Wright Brothers epitomize American innovation and made lasting contributions that still benefit our defense and national security even today. We all continue to be inspired by their achievements, and I am honored to receive an award bearing their name,” said Representative Thornberry. “I greatly appreciate the key role that AIA companies play in the defense of the nation and in fostering further advances to American innovation and prosperity.”


“The Wright Stuff Award,” created in 2020, is named after the inspiring Wright brothers whose ideas and inventions ushered in the age of flight, and in turn, transformed the world. The award will recognize an individual for paving “the way to what’s next”—by making major and measurable contributions to the aerospace and defense industry.

[title:]AIA Commends Congress for Keeping Government Open Through March
[date:]December 21, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today released the following statement after Congress voted to pass a continuing resolution to fund the government: 
“The Aerospace Industries Association is grateful that Congress has acted to prevent a full government shutdown,” Fanning said. “We thank Sens. Murray and Collins and Reps. Cole and DeLauro for protecting funding to maintain critical government functions through March, and we’re ready to support their efforts to pass full appropriations in the new year.”

[title:]AIA Urges Congress to Pass Continuing Resolution
[date:]December 17, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today released the following statement urging Congress to pass a continuing resolution to fund the government: 
“The Aerospace Industries Association is disappointed that Congress is falling back on a continuing resolution to keep the government up and running for the second time this fiscal year. The stop-and-start pattern of lengthy continuing resolutions doesn’t allow real work to get done and prevents game-changing new programs from getting started,” Fanning said. “However, we maintain that a government shutdown is far worse, so we encourage Congress to support this temporary funding bill and to keep their noses to the grindstone to fully fund the government as soon as possible.”

[title:]AIA Strengthens Legislative Team with Veteran Capitol Hill Staffers
[date:]December 10, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA), the leading voice for the American aerospace and defense industry, today announced that Capitol Hill staffers Parker Chapman and David Winfrey are joining the organization as Senior Directors of Legislative Affairs.       
“Maintaining strong relationships on Capitol Hill is essential for advancing our mission and achieving our policy goals,” said AIA President and CEO Eric Fanning. “As we aim to expand our footprint on Capitol Hill, bringing on seasoned professionals like David and Parker is crucial. Their far-reaching experience, policy chops, and proven ability to get legislation across the finish line will be instrumental in ensuring our continued success and effectiveness in our advocacy efforts.”
Parker Chapman joined AIA this week following his role as Staff Director for the U.S. House Committee on Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Oversight and Accountability. Parker has also served as Staff Director for the U.S. House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations. He holds a Bachelor of Arts in History from Amherst College.
David Winfrey will join AIA in January 2025 after serving as Deputy Chief of Staff for Rep. Kay Granger (R-TX), Chair Emeritus of the House Appropriations Committee. David also led Rep. Granger’s legislative team as Legislative Director. He holds a Bachelor of Business Administration from Baylor University.
In addition, AIA has brought on Dean Johnson, a former staffer with Rep. Dina Titus (D-NV), who now serves as Manager of Legislative Affairs.            

[title:]AIA Praises NDAA that Supports Defense Industrial Base
[date:]December 18, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today commended Congress for passing the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2025 (FY25 NDAA). 
“Equipping the warfighter, building capacity, and investing in research and development to modernize our military are key pillars of our national security strategy – and the U.S. defense industrial base relies on Congress to send clear demand signals to do just that. Congress passing this year’s National Defense Authorization Act enables industry to do what it does best: out-innovate, outpace, and outperform our adversaries,” Fanning said. 
“AIA is grateful to Congress for their overwhelming bipartisan support and urge President Biden to swiftly sign this bill into law.” 
Among the provisions AIA has supported in the bill,  AIA is pleased to see the inclusion of important streamlining improvements in acquisition and contracting procedures that are designed to encourage the domestic sourcing of critical materials and incentivize new companies to enter the defense industrial base.

[title:]AIA Congratulates President-Elect Trump, Emphasizes Continued Partnership for American Leadership in Aerospace and Defense
[date:]November 6, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today released the following statement on the 2024 election:
“The Aerospace Industries Association congratulates President-elect Trump and Vice President-elect Vance on their election. Our nation’s greatest achievements – from putting man on the moon to breaking the sound barrier – are the result of the powerful alliance between industry and government. As we embark on a new chapter in our history, we look forward to collaborating closely with the new Administration and 119th Congress to enhance this partnership. In the face of geopolitical turbulence and strong economic headwinds, our priorities remain steadfast: supporting American leadership in aerospace and defense; igniting innovation and job creation; and strengthening our national security. Together, we will reach new heights.”

[title:]AIA Urges Support for Defense Bill Agreement to Strengthen U.S. Industrial Base
[date:]December 7, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today commended the Senate and House Armed Services Committees for reaching an agreement on the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2025.
“As the cornerstone of U.S. national defense and a key element of deterrence, the defense industrial base relies on Congress to provide clear demand signals so we can invest in next-generation technology, expand our capacity to produce mission-critical equipment at speed, and expand our competitive advantage over our adversaries,” Fanning said. 
“It’s encouraging to see continued bipartisan support for U.S. national security under the leadership of Senators Reed and Wicker and Representatives Rogers and Smith. The Aerospace Industries Association appreciates the inclusion of several of our priorities that will unleash innovation and enable industry to move faster to deliver capabilities to the warfighter, and we look forward to the bill’s final passage.” 

[title:]AIA Praises Treasury’s Adoption of Section 45X Recommendations
[date:]October 24, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) Vice President of International Affairs Dak Hardwick today commended the U.S. Treasury Department for including AIA recommendations into the implementation guidance for Section 45X of the Inflation Reduction Act. 
“AIA is pleased to see the Department of Treasury release implementation guidance for Section 45X of the Inflation Reduction Act. The guidance includes the costs of direct and indirect materials, extraction production, and acquisition of raw materials as eligible for the tax credit, a direct ask of AIA and our members,” Hardwick said. “AIA has been a leading advocate on this issue, and we are grateful to the U.S. government for their commitment to secure our aerospace and defense supply chain and enhance our national security.”
AIA has routinely advocated for clarification of Section 45X of the Inflation Reduction Act. In August of 2023, AIA released a document outlining key steps to securing the defense critical minerals supply chain. 

[title:]AIA President and CEO Praises FAA Powered-Lift Rule
[date:]October 22, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va.– Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today issued the following statement after the FAA released rulemaking on the integration of powered-lift.
“We commend the FAA for paving the way for eVTOL technologies to safely integrate these operations into the National Airspace System. This new rule sets the stage for the future of powered-lift as another example of U.S. leadership and innovation. AIA and our members remain committed to ongoing collaboration with the FAA to advance the exciting possibilities for the future.”

[title:]AIA President and CEO Praises End of Boeing-IAM Strike
[date:]November 5, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning released the following statement today on the end of the ongoing Boeing labor dispute:
“The Aerospace Industries Association is pleased The Boeing Company and the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers have reached a mutually beneficial agreement that ensures the continuation of high-quality production and innovation within the aerospace sector, reinforces the strength and resilience of our industry, and supports the thousands of small, medium, and large businesses in Boeing’s supply chain.”

[title:]AIA Promotes Alison Lynn to Senior Vice President of External Affairs
[date:]October 29, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA), the leading voice representing the American aerospace and defense industry, today announced that Alison Lynn, currently Vice President of Communications, has been promoted to Senior Vice President of External Affairs, effective immediately.
“From day one, Alison has been a standout, taking AIA’s advocacy and outreach to the next level,” Eric Fanning, AIA President and CEO, said. “Her innovative, strategic thinking consistently benefits our members, industry, and government partners. She has more than earned this promotion, and I look forward to seeing how she continues to elevate our organization.”
In her new role, Lynn will play an integral role in overseeing the external-facing outreach functions of the organization. In addition to overseeing AIA’s supply chain advocacy and events functions, she will continue to serve as the organization’s top communications adviser, strategist, and spokesperson. 
Lynn has served as AIA’s Vice President of Communications since 2019, when she joined the organization after a tenure as Senior Director of Product Communications at the American Chemistry Council. She has over 25 years of experience, including on the House Armed Services Committee for then-chairman Rep. Mac Thornberry (R-Texas).

[title:]AIA President and CEO Applauds Pentagon’s Strategy to Build Up Defense Industrial Base
[date:]October 29, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today applauded the National Defense Industrial Strategy Implementation Plan (NDIS-IP) released by the Department of Defense (DOD) today: 
“The American aerospace and defense industry out-innovates, out-paces, and out-performs our competitors, but to do so, we rely on a sound strategy and clear demand signals,” Fanning said. “The National Defense Industrial Strategy Implementation Plan lays the groundwork to expand both the capacity and capability of the industrial base – bolstering the national defense of today while unleashing the technology of tomorrow.
“AIA is particularly pleased to see a plan to incorporate performance and outcome metrics associated with six key risk areas. This will provide visibility to stakeholders and encourage policymakers to enact risk mitigation strategies. 
“We are eager to understand the specific metrics the NDIS-IP will incorporate into its classified report and encourages the DOD to avoid adding cumbersome compliance and reporting requirements in the process. AIA thanks Dr. Laura Taylor-Kale for her leadership and looks forward to continuing our partnership and realizing the full potential of this strategy.” 
In January, AIA applauded the Department’s first-ever National Defense Industrial Strategy and, in July, commented on the interim implementation plan. 

[title:]AIA President and CEO Comments on Newly Released Cybersecurity Compliance Rule
[date:]October 11, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today commented on the newly released Cybersecurity Maturation Model Certification (CMMC) rule, announced by the Department of Defense (DOD) today. 
“The Aerospace Industries Association thanks the Department of Defense for their coordination as they finalized this rule, bringing the Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification from concept to reality. We are reviewing the final rule closely now to understand how our feedback was incorporated,” Fanning said. “As with the review of any cybersecurity rule, we are keeping in mind the balance between the need for security and minimizing barriers for industry to meet customer needs. Additionally, AIA looks forward to discussions with the Department of Defense to improve the identification and definition of controlled unclassified information (CUI), the catalyst for implementing CMMC within DOD contracts.
 “Several more steps must be taken before CMMC is a seamless part of DOD contracting. The first step for defense industrial base companies will be scheduling their assessments and obtaining their certifications,” Fanning continued. “This phased approach is absolutely necessary due to the limited number of assessors to meet what we expect will be significant demand, especially among the supply chain. We are also paying close attention to and providing feedback on the upcoming rule that will establish requirements for CMMC, allowing CMMC to be fully incorporated into DOD contracts.”
AIA has been a leading voice, advocating for the DOD to consider the supply chain businesses that will be most impacted by the rule. 

[title:]AIA President and CEO Commends New Commerce Rules to Advance American Space Leadership
[date:]October 17, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today released the following comment after the U.S. Department of Commerce issued new rules to modernize space-related export controls:
“The United States of America has always been the leader in space technology, and today’s rules from the Commerce Department will help us expand that technological leadership into the future. These rules — and ones like them — take a tailored approach to facilitate more trade with our closest allies and partners while still protecting national security. The Aerospace Industries Association is encouraged by today’s announcement, and we look forward to working with the Commerce Department to showcase the remarkable advancements of the American space industry.”

[title:]AIA Calls on Congress to Pass Clean Continuing Resolution, Keeping Key Agencies Open
[date:]September 23, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today urged Congress to pass the newly-unveiled continuing resolution that will fund the government through December 20, 2024. 
“AIA urges Congress to pass a continuing resolution, free of extraneous legislation, to keep key agencies of the U.S. government funded and open. Without a continuing resolution, the innovation and development necessary to protect national security and maintain functionality of air travel will be halted, causing serious disruptions,” Fanning said. “Although AIA has continually urged full-year, regular appropriations, we understand a stopgap bill is required to clear a final path forward for the 2025 fiscal year. We encourage both the House and the Senate to swiftly pass this continuing resolution and keep the government open.”
AIA has routinely called for full-year, regular appropriations legislation. Earlier this year, Fanning sent a letter to congressional leaders, urging them to avoid a government shutdown. 

[title:]AIA Calls on Congress to Move Beyond Short-Term Funding Following Passage of Continuing Resolution
[date:]September 25, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today commended Congress for passing a continuing resolution, keeping key functions, including the Department of Defense (DOD), Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), among other critical functions, open. 
“AIA appreciates Congress’ vote to keep the government open, but this bill is just a temporary solution to a recurring issue,” Fanning said. “Our industry relies on clear and strong demand signals from the government, and continuing resolutions only muddy them. We encourage Congress to get back to passing regular, full-year appropriations that will empower the aerospace and defense industry, driving innovation, empowering economic growth, and securing the country.”  

[title:]AIA Supply Chain Council Urges Swift Resolution to Ongoing Boeing Labor Strike
[date:]October 21, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. – A coalition of aerospace and defense supply chain companies sent a letter to President Joe Biden on Friday urging continued action from his administration to help put an end to the ongoing labor strike at The Boeing Company.
Ahead of a critical vote on Wednesday, the Aerospace Industries Association’s Supply Chain Policy and Advocacy Council emphasized that a “swift resolution is paramount” to their survival and to the country’s national and economic security.
“Because the aerospace supply chain is vast and interconnected, the ramifications of this strike extend beyond a single company, affecting countless suppliers across the nation,” the letter said. “Continued disruptions damage the resiliency of the supply chain, as well as the economies of communities that rely on these industries, impacting many of the 2.21 million Americans that work in the aerospace industry, with 60 percent of those jobs directly linked to the supply chain.
“Action from your Administration will assist in restoring stability to the aerospace industry and support the aerospace workforce who are essential to its success,” the letter continued. “The importance of the American aerospace and defense industry, of which The Boeing Company is a major part, to our country cannot be understated.”
Click here to read the full letter.

[title:]AIA Celebrates Three Years of Progress on AUKUS, Highlights Continued Barriers
[date:]September 17, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today welcomed the joint leaders’ statement on the third anniversary of the Australia –United Kingdom – United States (AUKUS) security partnership:
“Marking the third anniversary of the Australia – United Kingdom – United States partnership, the Aerospace Industries Association celebrates how far we’ve come, but also how far we still must go, to fully realize the promise of one of the most consequential – and ambitious – security partnerships in history.
“Working hand in hand with industry, the U.S. and our partner governments have made significant strides to modernize our trade systems to enable even closer cooperation. But critically, we have more work to do to right-size the Excluded Technologies List, modernize the Technology Security and Foreign Disclosure process, and accelerate the Congressional Notification process to truly unleash the full potential of AUKUS.
“Just as we have been for the past three years, AIA will continue working across industry, throughout the U.S. government, and with our industry trade partners in Australia and the U.K. to set the right conditions for AUKUS success.”
AIA has been the leading voice for the American aerospace and defense industry, advocating for the policies and regulatory framework that will enable industry to fulfill its critical role in the AUKUS partnership. Notable updates to the U.S. defense trade system, championed by AIA and its members, include the certification of comparability and International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) exemptions, released in August 2024.
Read AIA’s full set of recommendations to modernize key systems that support U.S., U.K., and Australian cooperation here.

[title:]AIA President and CEO Presses for Action on Government Funding
[date:]September 20, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today urged Congress to act immediately to fund the federal government for the 2025 fiscal year:
“Everyone knows the serious repercussions of long-term continuing resolutions and shutdowns – slowing efforts to modernize everything from our air traffic control system to our nuclear arsenal, hurting our troops’ pay and benefits, and driving up costs throughout the federal government. But once again Congress is mired in protracted debate over how to keep the federal government open past September 30.  
“The impacts to our country, and the aerospace and defense industry specifically, are many – too many to list out here. But General Brown – our nation’s top military adviser – said it best when he said CRs are ‘equivalent to taking a knee on advancing our defense capabilities’ and damage the Department of Defense’s relationship with the defense industrial base, which relies on stable, predictable, on-time funding to fulfill its contracts and innovate in the future.
“With the fiscal year ending in just over a week, Congress must find a rational, responsible path forward soon. A short-term continuing resolution is acceptable for now, but it’s no replacement for full-year appropriations bills – now, next year, or ever.”
 
[title:]AIA Elevates Jordan Tomaszewski to Vice President of Space Systems
[date:]September 11, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA), the leading voice for the American aerospace and defense industry, today announced that Steve Jordan Tomaszewski has been promoted from Senior Director of National Security Space to Vice President of Space Systems, effective immediately. 
“No one is more passionate about the future of the space industry than Steve, and as our new Vice President of Space Systems, he is poised to help our members tap into the wealth of opportunities that lie ahead,” said Eric Fanning, AIA’s President and CEO. “He’s earned this promotion after building a solid reputation with our government partners, members, and within our own organization, and the team is excited to see what he does in this new role.”
Jordan Tomaszewski has been with AIA since August 2022. As Senior Director of National Security Space, he worked closely with AIA’s membership to advocate for policies, regulations, and investments that ensure American leadership and strong industry partnerships across the national security space enterprise. In his new role, he will continue to leverage his insights to champion AIA’s broader space agenda, from promoting commercial space flight, to strengthening a resilient national security space architecture, to supporting a robust civil space sector.
Prior to joining AIA, Jordan Tomaszewski was with The Aerospace Corporation, where he provided technical policy advice to senior Department of Defense executives in the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence and Security. He continues to serve in the military as an Intelligence Officer in the United States Air Force Reserve, assigned to the National Reconnaissance Office. Learn more about Jordan Tomaszewski here. 

[title:]2024 Facts & Figures: American Aerospace and Defense Remains an Economic Powerhouse
[date:]September 9, 2024
[content:]Data shows that industry climbed to 2.21 million employees in 2023, representing broad impact to the U.S. economy – underscoring its indispensable contributions to nation’s prosperity and security   
Arlington, Va. – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA), in collaboration with S&P Global Market Intelligence, today released the 2024 edition of “Facts & Figures,” a glimpse into the strength of the aerospace and defense (A&D) industry and its contribution to the U.S. economy, both at the national and state levels. Informed by 2023 data, key findings in this study measure the economic contributions made by the A&D industry in terms of employment, contribution to gross domestic product (GDP), sales, labor income, and taxes. 
“This year’s Facts and Figures shows that the American aerospace and defense industry continues to be an economic powerhouse – outpacing national averages for job creation and wages and contributing significantly to global trade, national security, and technology leadership,” said Eric Fanning, AIA’s President and CEO. “We take pride in maintaining the gold standard in aviation, delivering cutting-edge equipment for modern warfighters, and enabling international collaboration with our allies and partners. With our world-class workforce, advanced supply chain, and high-quality innovations, the American aerospace and defense industry stands as one of our country’s strongest strategic assets.” 


In 2023, the U.S. aerospace and defense industry reached an impressive milestone, generating over $955 billion in sales—a 7.1 percent increase from the previous year. This substantial growth emphasizes the industry’s economic influence, with each million dollars in end-use sales supporting four jobs across both end-use manufacturing and the supply chain.  
Nearly 60 percent of jobs in industry are directly linked to the supply chain, translating to approximately 1,298,036 jobs. This highlights the supply chain’s foundational importance in driving industry employment and economic growth.    


The A&D industry’s robust workforce now stands at 2.211 million employees, representing 1.4 percent of the nation’s total employment base. Annual wage growth in the A&D sector consistently surpasses national averages, with the average labor income per job reaching $112,000. The A&D industry continues to contribute significantly to the economy, generating $248 billion in labor income, which accounts for two percent of the nation’s total labor income. Driven by escalating demand, the A&D workforce has surged by an impressive 4.8 percent from 2022 to 2023, outpacing the national average growth rate of 1.7 percent. This expansion underscores the industry’s pivotal role in shaping a prosperous future.  
Find more information on Facts and Figures, including graphic resources, here.  
Facts and Figures Data, collected for the 2023 calendar year:  
GDP/SALES 

The A&D industry generated $955 billion in total business output in 2023. Output directly from the industry totaled $533 billion, and an additional nearly $422 billion in indirect activity was generated through the domestic A&D supply chain. 


The A&D industry generated $425 billion in economic value, representing 1.6 percent of the 2023 nominal GDP in the U.S.  


The contribution to federal tax receipts from the A&D industry was $56.8 billion, making up 2 percent of the total tax revenues received by the federal government. 

EMPLOYMENT 

In 2023, the American A&D industry supported more than 2.2 million workers, encompassing the design and production of end-market goods and services as well as the entire industry supply chain.  


The commercial aerospace sector makes up 47 percent of the industry’s direct employment with the defense and national security sector comprising the remaining 53 percent. This study divides the A&D industry into four key subsectors, and of those the aeronautics/aircraft is the largest employer, directly employing 462,000 workers. The land and sea systems subsector is the next largest with more than 186,000 workers, followed by the space subsector with 145,000 workers, and the cyber sector with 118,000 employed in 2023. 


Jobs supported by the U.S. A&D industry represent 1.4 percent of the nation’s total employment base. 


The average labor income per job within the A&D industry (both producers of end-use goods and services as well as the supply chain) amounted to $112,000, approximately 50 percent above the national average – reflecting the highly skilled nature of the workforce. 


The commercial aerospace sector makes up 47 percent of the industry’s direct employment with the defense and national security sector compromising the remaining 53 percent. 


$248 billion in labor income supported by the A&D industry represented nearly two percent of the nation’s total labor income. 


[title:]AIA Urges Congress to Fund the Government, Support Key Aerospace and Defense Priorities
[date:]September 6, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning yesterday sent a letter to congressional leaders outlining the association’s legislative priorities for the remainder of 2024, including full-year appropriations to fully fund the Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Defense, and other key agencies, passing the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), and reinstating a research and development (R&D) tax deduction that will drive innovation and usher in the next generation of aerospace and defense technology. 
Fanning’s letter emphasized the urgent need for Congress to act collectively and promptly upon returning from the August work period. “Enacting these critical bills will not only protect the health of our industry, which is essential to the economic and national security of the United States but will also reinforce our country’s resilience and well-being,” Fanning wrote.
Fanning also underscored the importance of timely and predictable funding, warning against the adverse effects of a continuing resolution extending into 2025. Such a resolution, he argued, would perpetuate the disruptions caused by nearly half a year of stopgap funding in FY24.
“U.S. companies like ours that do business with the Department of Defense, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), and other federal agencies rely on timely and predictable funding to stay on schedule and guide their own investments in staff, facilities, and equipment,” Fanning continued. “Long-term continuing resolutions (CRs), such as those experienced this year, delay and disrupt these investments…Our customers, including our troops, our workers, and their families, deserve better.”
AIA has perennially called on Congress to prioritize stable, on-time government funding and the passage of defense authorities that will streamline acquisition processes, including in a document sent to Capitol Hill at the beginning of the year.
Read the full letter below or by clicking here. 

Dear Speaker Johnson, Majority Leader Schumer, Republican Leader McConnell, and Democratic Leader Jeffries: 
On behalf of the American aerospace and defense industry, which employs millions of Americans and contributes billions to the American economy, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) encourages you to act urgently and jointly to address key priorities when Congress returns from its August district work period. This includes FY25 appropriations bills, the FY25 National Defense Authorization Act, and tax legislation that reverses current policies discouraging business research and development. Enacting these critical bills will not only protect the health of our industry, which is essential to the economic and national security of the United States but will also reinforce our country’s resilience and well-being.  
AIA represents our nation’s leading aerospace and defense companies. These businesses are responsible for countless innovations, research and development that provides cutting-edge technology to our warfighters, improves aviation safety, and demonstrates our global leadership in space. We look forward to working with you to advance key legislation that is critical to maintaining our national security and our global economic leadership.  
We know that passing all 12 regular appropriations bills is among your top priorities, and it is a priority that AIA and our members share. U.S. companies like ours that do business with the Department of Defense, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), and other federal agencies rely on timely and predictable funding to stay on schedule and guide their own investments in staff, facilities, and equipment. Long-term continuing resolutions (CRs), such as those experienced this year, delay and disrupt these investments. We strongly urge you not to support any CR extending beyond this calendar year, because it would repeat and exacerbate the disruption caused by almost six months of CRs this year. Our customers, including our troops, our workers, and their families, deserve better. 
Secondly, we urge the House to follow the Senate’s lead in providing additional funds for both defense and non-defense programs in the final appropriations bills. This is the last year of budget caps imposed by the Fiscal Responsibility Act of 2023, and funding under those caps is insufficient to meet critical needs or even cover inflation. With bipartisan support, the Senate bills provide modest increases of approximately 3 percent for both defense and non-defense programs. We believe these increases are essential because costs for manufacturing inputs remain persistently high. Without adequate resources, federal contracts, quantities, and delivery schedules must be renegotiated, to the detriment of federal customers and American workers like those in our industry. 
For the FAA, FY25 appropriations bills include strong increases to improve aviation safety and increase hiring for air traffic controllers. In both cases, these are needed to address documented challenges and implement important new requirements from the recently enacted FAA Reauthorization Act of 2024. Long-term CRs only push those safety improvements into the future. 
The FY25 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) is critical legislation that will provide efficiencies to an often-burdensome acquisition process and reduce barriers for small and mid-sized businesses that seek to enter or remain part of the defense industrial base. American servicemembers, and the defense industrial base that supports them, depend on the authorities authorized in the NDAA each year – just as they have for the last 64 years. We urge you to complete this bill well before these critical authorities expire at the end of the calendar year. 
Lastly but no less important, restoring the single-year deductibility of research and development expenses is very important to our industry. This is especially true for our small businesses, which are often forced to choose between paying salaries or continuing research into the next generation of potentially life-saving technologies. Our members serving the Defense Department rely on these expenses to generate cutting-edge technology that protects the warfighter and gives our military a competitive advantage over our adversaries. We are not the only U.S. industry harmed by this 2022 change in the tax code, but the effect on our industry is felt more fully in U.S. national security and safety programs. With China doubling down on its R&D tax incentives, we should not be one of the only nations in the industrialized world following this archaic practice. 
AIA remains Congress’ partner in these efforts, and we appreciate all you are doing to get these vital bills enacted on time. Please let us know how we can support you with this critical agenda. 
Respectfully, 
Eric Fanning
[title:]AIA Applauds New 5-GHz Spectrum Rules for Unmanned Aerial Systems
[date:]September 5, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) today commended the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) for adopting new rules for unmanned aerial systems (UAS) operating in 5-GHz spectrum.
“AIA has been a steadfast advocate for unmanned aerial systems operations in the United States, and we’re pleased to see progress reflected in this report and order,” said Di Reimold, AIA’s Vice President of Civil Aviation. “We look forward to collaborating with the Federal Communications Commission and Federal Aviation Administration to establish a permanent band plan.”
On February 8, 2018, AIA filed a petition for rulemaking with the Federal Communications Commission recommending licensing and service rules for control-and-non-payload communications links in the 5030-5091 MHz band. Find the petition here.

[title:]AIA Welcomes Event Management Maven Logan Sobonya as Senior Director of Corporate Events
[date:]September 4, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA), the leading voice for the American aerospace and defense industry, today announced that creative event management expert Logan Sobonya has joined as Senior Director of Corporate Events.  
“Logan is an amazing new addition to our team,” said Eric Fanning, AIA’s President and CEO. “Bringing on someone as experienced, creative, and talented as she is to serve as Senior Director of Corporate Events will drive the Aerospace Industries Association’s initiatives – and advocacy – to new heights.”
Logan Sobonya joins AIA from CBRE, bringing extensive and innovative event management expertise with a proven ability to transform strategies into dynamic plans and oversee all event aspects. Previously, Logan served as Director of Global Events at Gartner, where she led a team in designing and delivering world class client engagement through in-person event formats. Logan holds a Bachelor of Arts in Corporate Communication from Elon University, with a minor in Business Administration.

[title:]AIA President and CEO Commends New AUKUS Rule, Urges Continued Collaboration
[date:]August 15, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today commended the State Department on the finding of comparability for the AUKUS nations, Australia and the United Kingdom, and for continued work to implement the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) exemption. 
“Today’s announcement signals important progress to enhance defense trade and technology cooperation with Australia and the United Kingdom, two of our closest allies. Both the rule and certification of comparability provide the U.S., U.K., and Australian governments – and the respective industries in all three nations – with the structure necessary to realize AUKUS’ success,” Fanning said. “As AIA has said throughout this process, the success of AUKUS relies on a regulatory landscape that eases restrictions and fosters a trade-friendly environment. Today represents a step forward, and while it’s only the first step in setting the rules of the road for AUKUS implementation, AIA remains committed to working alongside the AUKUS nations to fully realize the potential of the partnership.”
AIA has long championed commonsense regulatory reform to operationalize AUKUS. In March 2023, AIA alongside its Australian and U.K. counterparts, released a joint paper outlining steps to reduce barriers to cooperation, including burdensome regulatory hurdles that could hinder the historic partnership. In April, AIA’s Dak Hardwick participated in an AUKUS roundtable in front of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, where he urged the United States government to adopt a modern, integrated, and consistent legislative and regulatory framework. 

[title:]AIA President and CEO Applauds Senate Appropriations Committee for Increasing Defense Funding
[date:]August 1, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today commended the Senate Appropriations Committee for a successful markup of the Fiscal Year 2025 Defense appropriations legislation: 
“AIA welcomes progress towards enacting full-year, on-time, and adequate appropriations that will strengthen the bedrock of our nation: our national security,” Fanning said. “We are especially pleased to see the committee prioritize aviation and space modernization, as well as investments in the defense industrial base. We thank Chairman Tester, Ranking Member Collins, and committee Chairwoman Murray for their commitment to national security and look forward to working with the committee as this bill advances.”

[title:]AIA President and CEO Applauds Kelly Ortberg’s Appointment as Boeing’s New CEO
[date:]July 31, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va.  – Today, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning issued the following statement after the announcement of Kelly Ortberg as Boeing’s new Chief Executive Officer:
“As Chair of AIA during COVID, Kelly was a thoughtful, engaged and decisive leader with a strong commitment to the U.S. aerospace and defense industry during a critical time,” said Fanning. “AIA is excited to welcome him as Boeing’s CEO.”

[title:]Budget and Acquisition Expert Joins AIA as Senior Director of Acquisition Policy
[date:]August 8, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA), the leading voice for the American aerospace and defense industry, today announced that budget and acquisition expert Adam Garnica has joined as Senior Director of Acquisition Policy. 
“The Aerospace Industries Association welcomes Adam Garnica as Senior Director of Acquisition Policy with our National Security Policy Division,” said Eric Fanning, AIA’s President and CEO. “As AIA continues to enhance our close coordination with our DOD and government partners, Adam’s expertise in budget and acquisition regulations will help our members navigate complex dynamics, find creative solutions to acquisition challenges, and reinforce the defense industrial base’s critical role in national security.”
Adam Garnica joins AIA from the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Research & Engineering, bringing extensive expertise in budget and acquisition regulations. Previously, Adam served as the Director of the Acquisition Intelligence Division, an organization that reported jointly to the Under Secretary for Intelligence & Security and the Under Secretary for Acquisition & Sustainment. In this role, Adam focused on bridging the gap between the Defense Intelligence Enterprise and the Defense Acquisition System. 
Adam also served as the Special Assistant to the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Acquisition. As a licensed attorney and government contracts expert, Adam has advised the Defense Acquisition Regulations (DAR) Council on the development and reform of acquisition rules and guidance for the Department of Defense (DOD) workforce and industry. 
Adam holds degrees from the University of California, Berkeley; Cornell Law School; and the Cornell University Graduate School, where he earned a master’s degree in Bioengineering.

[title:]AIA President and CEO Comments on Committee Passage of Transportation Funding Legislation
[date:]July 25, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today released the following statement after the United States Senate Committee on Appropriations advanced the Fiscal Year 2025 Transportation, Housing and Urban Development and Related Agencies funding bill:  
“We commend the Senate Appropriations Committee for its decisive support for Fiscal Year 2025 Transportation, Housing, and Urban Development, and Related Agencies funding bill,” said Fanning. “This legislation is critical in maintaining our nation’s role as the gold standard in aviation and advancing progress in areas such as operations, facilities, and equipment. 
“We commend the committee for providing the FAA with a 10 percent increase over Fiscal Year 2024 – matching the President’s budget request for Fiscal Year 2025 – which will fund more air traffic controllers and safety inspectors. We thank Chair Murray and Vice Chair Collins, as well as Subcommittee Chair Schatz and Ranking Member Hyde-Smith, for their leadership. We look forward to seeing this bill on the Senate floor soon.”

[title:]AIA President and CEO Commends Senate Appropriations Committee Action on Commerce-Justice-Science Bill
[date:]July 25, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today commended the Senate Appropriations Committee for advancing its Fiscal Year 2025 Commerce-Justice-Science bill, which allocates funding to key agencies including National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA): 
“AIA welcomes the Senate Appropriations Committee’s progress on legislation that funds NASA, and we thank Senators Shaheen and Moran for their leadership on space and science issues. From launching satellites that will secure our nation to commercial space travel, space is the next frontier, and what we do now will determine our future dominance in space,” Fanning said. “AIA will continue to champion funding for NASA and key space exploration programs as this bill moves through the process.”

[title:]U.S. Senate Delegation, AIA Showcase American Leadership in A&D at Farnborough Airshow
[date:]July 22, 2024
[content:]London – Six U.S. Senators, led by Sen. Jeanne Shaheen (D-N.H.) and Sen. Jerry Moran (R-Kan.), today joined Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning to open the 2024 Farnborough International Airshow by highlighting the importance of the U.S. aerospace and defense industry to American competitiveness and national security. 


 “American innovation is front and center here at the Farnborough International Airshow,” Fanning said. “Our strong relationship with Congress and our other government partners underpins not just our presence here in London, but everything we do: advancing deterrence and international stability, propelling American leadership in aerospace technology and safety, and creating an environment that allows us to conduct business globally and domestically. The Aerospace Industries Association is honored to join the Senate delegation to spotlight the collective achievements of American ingenuity on the world stage.” 
Participants from the Senate Congressional Delegation, or CODEL, included: Sen. Shaheen; Sen. Moran; Sen. John Boozman (R-Ark.), Sen. Deb Fischer (R-Neb.), Sen. John Kennedy (R-La.), and Sen. Katie Britt (R-Ala.). 
“I’m proud to be co-leading this bipartisan delegation in support of U.S. businesses and suppliers as they showcase innovative, state of the art technologies on the world stage at the Farnborough Air Show. My home state of New Hampshire hosts a robust aerospace, technology and manufacturing sector and the Air Show provides a unique opportunity for them to connect with global industry leaders,” said Sen. Shaheen, a senior member of the U.S. Senate Armed Forces Committee and Chair of the U.S. Senate Small Business Committee. “Strengthening our defense and safeguarding our national security must remain a bipartisan priority, which is why our Congressional delegation here has been so crucial to reaffirming our shared commitment to supporting global markets and ensuring America stands safe and secure for generations to come.”  
“Kansas is at the forefront of aerospace innovation and manufacturing, and I look forward to showcasing our capabilities at this year’s Farnborough Airshow,” said Sen. Moran. “I am pleased to co-lead a bipartisan delegation with Sen. Shaheen to Farnborough where we will meet with government, industry and defense leaders from across the globe. Our nation’s economy and national security requires a strong aviation and aerospace industry.” 
To view a recording of the press conference, please click here. 

[title:]AIA Urges Senate Support for Reversal of Harmful R&D Tax Policy
[date:]August 1, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) Vice President of Legislative Affairs Nora Khalil today commended Majority Leader Schumer for taking action on H. R. 7024, the Tax Relief for American Families and Workers Act of 2024, and urged Senators to support the legislation that will reverse a harmful tax amortization that disincentivizes American businesses from investing in research and development (R&D).
“AIA thanks Senator Schumer for taking action on H.R. 7024, giving the Senate the opportunity to end the harmful R&D tax amortization that has stifled innovation and hampered our global competitiveness,” Khalil said. “This is commonsense legislation that will unleash the very innovation that keeps American companies on the cutting edge. We thank Senators Wyden, Young, and Hassan for their leadership on this issue and urge the Senate to pass this bill.”

[title:]AIA President and CEO Applauds Congressional Support of NASA Reauthorization Act
[date:]July 11, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va.– The Aerospace Industries Association President and CEO Eric Fanning today released a statement following the introduction of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) Reauthorization Act. 
“NASA offers new perspectives on Earth and the solar system, advances new technologies, inspires future generations, and plays a critical role in our daily lives,” said AIA President and CEO Eric Fanning. “Regular congressional authorization ensures that NASA can sustain its vital programs and establish updated policies to further research and discovery. We thank Chairman Frank Lucas and Ranking Member Zoe Lofgren for prioritizing this legislation, and we remain committed to working with Congress to pass a NASA authorization bill this year.”

[title:]On the Horizon: AIA and PwC Release New Study on Evolving Aerospace and Defense Workforce
[date:]July 17, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va.– A new study by the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) and PwC released today reveals how the aerospace and defense (A&D) industry’s workforce is evolving and adapting to the changing demands and opportunities of the 21st century. 
The study – based on insights from A&D business leaders and talent executives, data from across the American workforce, and PwC analysis – shows that the industry’s values and mission are highly attractive to potential employees, but also that the industry needs to invest in innovative solutions, leadership development, skills growth, and diversity, equity, and inclusion to retain and empower its talent. 
“The workforce is the cornerstone of the aerospace and defense industry’s success, and we’re proud that our industry’s values and missions continue to be a draw for potential employees,” AIA President and CEO Eric Fanning said. “Amid strong demand across all sectors, A&D companies still face dynamic challenges related to workforce cost, capacity, capability, and compliance. The Aerospace Industries Association and PwC’s new study will be a valuable resource for the industry – benchmarking where we are today, identifying opportunities ahead, and offering new solutions to companies navigating this complex landscape.”
Key highlights from the report:

Employee perceptions of the A&D industry are strong. 72 percent of employed individuals surveyed agree that the A&D industry’s values, purpose, and mission align with their own. This figure rises to 81 percent among those already employed within the industry.
Leveraging technology-enabled business transformation is critical. Nearly half of A&D employees express concerns about inadequate tools and technologies. To overcome this, A&D companies should adopt innovative solutions, improve work processes, and foster engagement in the workplace.
Developing leadership capabilities can promote employee-led innovation. Only about half of managers and supervisors in the A&D industry feel empowered to drive change, compared to nearly 80 percent of people leaders across all other industries. Investing in leadership capabilities aligned with industry goals can boost operational results and empower the workforce. 
A&D companies have an opportunity to reimagine employee development and skills growth. While the industry expects retirements to peak within the next several years, approximately 43 percent of the total A&D workforce has been with their current company for less than five years, highlighting that a key transition in the workforce DNA is taking place. Strengthening upskilling programs for both new hires and experienced employees will enhance engagement and talent retention
Over half (69 percent) of A&D companies are prioritizing diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI). In 2023, the A&D industry saw incremental increases in women ascending to executive roles and among engineers identifying as Black or African American and Hispanic or Latino.

Click here to access the full report.
As the leading voice advocating for the 21st century workforce needs for the A&D industry, AIA regularly releases A&D industry workforce data. The results of our 2023 Aerospace & Defense Workforce Study can be found here.

[title:]AIA President and CEO Praises New NATO Defense Industrial Pledge
[date:]July 11, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning released the following statement on the North Atlantic Treaty Organization’s (NATO) new defense industrial pledge announced earlier this evening:
“We welcome this pledge as a commitment by the Alliance to invest in the Transatlantic industrial base, which will provide the capabilities critical to peace and security among the NATO members and beyond. The tenets of this pledge completely align with AIA’s recent recommendations to focus on harmonizing priorities and metrics, accelerate procurement, enhance interoperability, and boost production capacity. We thank the Alliance for acknowledging the close partnership between NATO and the industrial base and for emphasizing industry’s vital role in maintaining deterrence and protecting global stability.”

[title:]AIA Applauds Introduction of Critical Minerals Bill
[date:]December 6, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) today applauded Senators Todd Young (R-Ind.), Chris Coons (D-Del.), John Cornyn (R-Texas), and John Hickenlooper (D-Colo.) for introducing the STRATEGIC Minerals Act.
“Securing reliable access to critical minerals through both domestic production and international trade with allies is essential to counter U.S. reliance on sourcing from adversaries,” AIA Vice President of International Affairs Dak Hardwick said. “From next-generation aircraft to hypersonic weapons, these minerals power equipment that support our national security objectives to defend our nation, keep the flying public safe, and keep the aerospace and defense sector innovating. AIA appreciates Senators Young, Coons, Cornyn, and Hickenlooper for their leadership to secure these critical minerals, and we look forward to seeing this bill advance through Congress.”  
In April, AIA released a document highlighting the need to secure the aerospace and defense critical minerals supply chain. 

[title:]AIA Honors ICAO’s Chicago Convention Milestone
[date:]December 6, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Today, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning released the following statement in celebration of the 80th anniversary of the Chicago Convention, which established the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) to coordinate international aviation principles.
“The Chicago Convention revolutionized how the world uses the skies for travel and transport,” Fanning said. “Today, we have the opportunity to reaffirm our shared commitment to supporting the continued growth and advancement of global aviation. As we look toward the future, AIA remains committed to collaborating with ICAO to ensure a safe, secure, and sustainable aviation industry for generations to come.”
Fanning, in his capacity as chair of the International Coordinating Council of Aerospace Industries Associations (ICCAIA), joined ICAO for an anniversary event in Chicago. 

[title:]AIA President and CEO Remembers Sen. Jim Inhofe’s Legacy of Support for American Aerospace and Defense
[date:]July 9, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today released the following statement on the passing of former Senator Jim Inhofe of Oklahoma:
“We at the Aerospace Industries Association mourn the loss of one of U.S. Senate’s greatest champions of American aerospace and defense, Senator Jim Inhofe of Oklahoma. A skilled pilot himself, Senator Inhofe leaves behind a remarkable legacy of dedication to the aviation community and steadfast support for our military – which earned him AIA’s highest honor, the Wright Stuff award, upon his retirement. As we remember and celebrate his many contributions to our sector, we extend our sympathies to Sen. Inhofe’s wife, Kay, and his loving family.”

[title:]ICYMI: AIA’s Eric Fanning Urges Congress to Enable U.S. Industry Competitiveness with China
[date:]December 5, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va.  – In case you missed it, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning submitted full testimony for the record for the December 5 House Select Committee on the Chinese Communist Party’s hearing “Rebuilding the Arsenal of Democracy: The Imperative to Strengthen America’s Defense Industrial Base.”
The hearing centered around the competition between the United States and the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) as tensions between the two nations rise and logistics in the Indo-Pacific grow increasingly contested. In his written testimony, Fanning highlighted the importance of the defense industrial base to maintaining the United States’ competitive advantage over China and offered policy solutions to strengthen the resiliency of this strategic asset.
“Well-meaning but burdensome statutes and government policies drive up the cost and complexities of doing business with the federal government. As a result, some companies within the DIB are choosing to no longer do business with the DOD in favor of other commercial industries, reducing the competition needed for the DIB to thrive and for DOD to consider the broadest range of technological solutions,” Fanning warned.
To help alleviate some of the burden, Fanning urged Congress to focus on right-sizing the regulatory regime, encouraging new entrants, and sustaining companies up and down the supply chain.
As the CCP makes aggressive investment into its military and defense innovation, Fanning encouraged the Select Committee to promote U.S. competitiveness by restoring competitive R&D tax amortization rules to strengthen our global R&D posture relative to China.
Further, U.S. foreign and trade policy can also bolster the health of the defense industrial base. “It is important the U.S. ease regulatory burdens that both inhibit closer cooperation with allies and trusted partners and strengthen domestic manufacturing and supply chains. Easing technology transfer requirements and promoting the seamless integration of U.S. and allied industrial bases and establishing resilient domestic supply chains are key to a U.S. posture that effectively deters and out-innovates our adversaries. We’ve seen great progress so far in this domain from the U.S. and our partner governments, but more can be done,” Fanning stated.
In the face of the CCP’s unprecedented investments into their defense industrial base, Fanning urged Congress to return to regular order and send clear demand signals through the annual government funding process. “As our military faces a growing, geographically diverse, and evolving mission set, the DIB, which is an essential element of troop readiness, is confronted with these tests as well. Effectively addressing these threats will require focused changes in federal policy and investment, which continues to be unpredictable and inconsistent,” Fanning said. “Even as China continues its unprecedented investment in its military, the U.S. Congress continues to debate cutting federal investment in defense, budget caps, supply chain disruptions and related material shortages.”
You can read Fanning’s full testimony here.
[title:]AIA Announces Executive Committee Appointments for 2025
[date:]December 4, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) today announced Executive Committee appointments for 2025.
“The Aerospace Industries Association has played a pivotal role as the voice of the aerospace and defense industry since its inception,” said Eric Fanning, AIA’s President and CEO. “These leaders have been titans of our industry, championing critical advancements and innovations. With their leadership, under the guidance of Chris and Phebe, AIA will continue to advocate for essential policies and robust investments that will maintain our global leadership for years to come.”
AIA recently announced that Christopher E. Kubasik, Chair & CEO of L3Harris Technologies, and Phebe Novakovic, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer of General Dynamics Corporation, will serve as chair and vice chair of the Executive Committee.
The members of the AIA Executive Committee for 2025 are:
Florian Aigrain, Acutronic Group
Tom Arseneault, BAE Systems
Thomas Bell, Leidos Corporation
Jim Currier, Honeywell Aerospace
Scott C. Donnelly, Textron Inc.
Eric Fanning, Aerospace Industries Association
Amy Gowder, GE Aerospace
Gregory Hayes, RTX
John Holmes, AAR CORP
Sol Kanthack, Corvaer 
Christopher D. Kastner, HII
Christopher E. Kubasik, L3Harris Technologies
Mark Lee, Aero-Mark, LLC
Representative, The Boeing Company
Ronald Lopez, Astroscale U.S.
Patrick Marotta, Marotta Controls
Rick Nagel, Acorn Capital Management
Phebe Novakovic, General Dynamics Corporation
Anne Shybunko-Moore, GSE Dynamics
Elisabeth Smith, Acutec Precision Aerospace, Inc.
Kathy Warden, Northrop Grumman Corporation

[title:]AIA Honors Northrop Grumman’s Kathy Warden with Voice of Industry Award
[date:]November 21, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) honored Northrop Grumman Corporation Chair, Chief Executive Officer, and President Kathy Warden with the Voice of Industry Award at its fall 2024 Board of Governors meeting in Washington, DC. The Voice of Industry Award recognizes AIA advocates that utilize their platforms and make their voices heard in support of the industrial base, workforce, and shared aerospace and defense supply chain. 
“Kathy’s influence on the aerospace and defense sector and her commitment to America’s national security cannot be overstated. Because of her leadership — particularly her ongoing service as Nominating Committee Chair — AIA continues to be the top trade association representing American aerospace and defense companies,” AIA President and CEO Eric Fanning said. “Kathy’s steadfast voice at AIA is an essential one – and makes her one of the best leaders in our industry. I look forward to continuing to work with Kathy on the AIA board as we maintain advocacy for the issues that matter the most to aerospace and defense.”

AIA President & CEO Eric Fanning with Kathy Warden, Chair, CEO, and President of Northrop Grumman, at the 2024 Board of Governors Meeting in Washington, D.C.
Kathy Warden’s biography is available here. 

[title:]AIA Submits Comprehensive AUKUS Comments to State Department
[date:]November 20, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) today released comprehensive feedback provided by AIA’s member companies to the Department of State regarding the interim final rule of the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) exemption for Australia and the United Kingdom as a part of the AUKUS agreement. 
“AUKUS can only succeed with the participation and feedback from industry, and AIA has been the leading voice on the policy and regulatory changes needed to realize the full potential of the historic partnership. AIA’s additional recommendations will reduce barriers and streamline defense trade among and between the AUKUS nations,” AIA’s Vice President of International Affairs Dak Hardwick said. “AIA thanks the State Department and our counterparts in the Australian and U.K. governments for their leadership and U.S. industry looks forward to utilizing the AUKUS ITAR exemption to promote advanced capability development.” 
In May, AIA commented on the introduction of AUKUS ITAR exemptions and encouraged the governments of the AUKUS nations to engage with industry.  

[title:]AIA Promotes Marta Hernandez to Vice President of Communications
[date:]November 19, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA), the leading voice representing the American aerospace and defense industry, today announced that Marta Hernandez, currently the Senior Director of Communications, has been promoted to Vice President of Communications, effectively immediately. 
“Marta is one of the most effective communicators in Washington, advocating for our members, the industry, and AIA. Her strategy, instinct, and influence has been an instrumental piece of AIA’s footprint,” Eric Fanning, AIA’s President and CEO said. “Marta’s promotion is well-deserved, and I look forward to seeing how she continues to advocate for our members.”
Hernandez joined AIA in 2022 after serving as the top spokesperson for the Senate Armed Services Committee and as the Deputy Communications Director on the House Appropriations Committee. 

[title:]AIA Announces New Chair, Vice Chair
[date:]November 20, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA), the leading voice of the American aerospace and defense industry, has elected Chris Kubasik, Chair and Chief Executive Officer of L3Harris Technologies, to serve as Chair of the Board of Governors, effective immediately and lasting through 2025. Phebe Novakovic, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of General Dynamics Corporation, will serve as Vice Chair for the same term. Eric Fanning has been reelected as AIA President and Chief Executive Officer.
“It’s a privilege to serve as AIA chair,” Kubasik said. “In an increasingly challenging global environment, America needs a modern ‘Arsenal of Democracy’ capable of preserving our technological advantage. The aerospace and defense industry is the center of our nation’s arsenal, and our mission to deliver the most advanced solutions is more important than ever. I look forward to partnering with my industry colleagues, the incoming administration and Congress to harness the ingenuity of our U.S.-based, world-class talent and unleash our industry’s innovative spirit.”
“The aerospace and defense industry is an increasingly important component of America’s national and economic security,” Novakovic said. “As the voice of our industry, AIA helps communicate our role in the nation’s economy and defense, providing a forum for industry to share opportunities, best practices and joint challenges. I am very pleased to serve AIA and its leadership as we continue our important work together on behalf of the industry.” 
“The U.S. aerospace and defense industry faces unprecedented demands in a challenging economic and security landscape. As the voice of our industry, AIA needs visionary leadership at the helm, and I am grateful to Chris and Phebe for their willingness to serve,” Fanning said. “Chris’ commitment to innovation and excellence coupled with his grasp of the industry’s complexities will drive our mission forward. Under his stewardship, AIA will successfully navigate these dynamic times and continue to advocate for the policies and investments that ensure the industry’s resilience, security, and prosperity.”
AIA represents more than 300 manufacturers and suppliers across every sector and tier of the aerospace and defense industry. Direct involvement of CEO-level officers from the country’s major aerospace and defense companies helps guide and shape the policy goals for AIA and the entire industry. Together, these world-class and high-technology companies support more than 2.2 million jobs across the United States, contributing $425 billion to the gross domestic product (GDP) (1.6% of total GDP). 

[title:]AIA Unveils AI Flight Plan Documenting Best Practices for AI Governance in Aerospace
[date:]November 19, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Today, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) released the AI Flight Plan, a first-of-its-kind document outlining comprehensive best practices for the governance of Artificial Intelligence (AI) use for aerospace.
“Advanced technology has always been the driving force behind the aerospace industry, and Artificial Intelligence (AI) represents its latest frontier,” said Tim White, AIA’s Vice President of Engineering and Technology. “As AI’s influence grows across the product lifecycle and business operations, it promises groundbreaking innovations and efficiencies. We appreciate our industry partners for their collaboration on this framework.”
Crafted by experts from across AIA’s membership, the AI Flight Plan outlines the elements of an AI governance program tailored specifically for this high-stakes industry, targeting the three primary usages of AI in aerospace: enhancing business operations, aiding in systems design and development processes, and integration into delivered products, software, and services.
Read the full framework here.

[title:]AIA President and CEO Urges Commonsense Regulatory Change to Advance the AUKUS Partnership
[date:]May 31, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today released the following statement after AIA submitted comprehensive feedback to the Department of State on regulations implementing the International Trade and Arms Regulation (ITAR) exemption for Australia and the United Kingdom under the AUKUS security partnership: 
“The success of the AUKUS partnership rests on a solid foundation of trust between the United States, Australia, and the United Kingdom. We won’t realize the full potential without serious changes to the rules governing our relationship. We’re already seeing progress with the State Department’s proposed AUKUS guidelines, but we have more work to do to break down barriers to cooperation. The Aerospace Industries Association is at the forefront of this generational opportunity, advocating for changes that will bolster deterrence in the Indo-Pacific, strengthen our industrial bases, and boost our shared technological edge.”
A summary “cheat sheet” of AIA’s comments to the Department of State is available here. You can read AIA’s full comments here.
In addition to the ITAR feedback submitted today, AIA calls on the U.S. government to address the lingering challenge of the technology security and foreign disclosure process that slows cooperation. Additionally, AIA reiterates the need for commonsense change to the congressional notification process for Australia and the United Kingdom in recognition of the special relationship and enduring partnership these nations have with the United States.
AIA has been the leading voice of U.S. industry’s role in implementing AUKUS, joining its counterparts in the UK and Australia in March 2023 to recommend specific regulatory updates to operationalize the ground-breaking partnership. In April, AIA Vice President of International Affairs Dak Hardwick participated in an AUKUS Pilar II roundtable with the House Foreign Affairs Committee in which he expressed the need for industry-government collaboration to ensure AUKUS success. 

[title:]AIA President and CEO Urges Congressional Leaders to Pass Defense Authorization, Other Key Aerospace Priorities
[date:]November 18, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning last week sent a letter to congressional leadership, urging them to use their end-of-year legislative sessions to pass key priorities, including the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), reverse a harmful research and development (R&D) tax law, and pass the 12 regular appropriations bills that will fund functions of the government critical to national defense and aerospace. 
“As Congress begins its end-of-year legislative push, we look forward to working with you to advance priority legislation important to our industry, out workers and their families, and the U.S. economy,” Fanning began. “This includes fiscal year (FY) 2025 government funding, the FY25 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), and legislation to restore the immediate deductibility of research and development (R&D) expenses for federal tax purposes. 
“American servicemembers, the Department of Defense, and the defense industrial base depend on the authorities and guidance provided in the NDAA each year. This critical bill has been passed by Congress for each of the past 63 years. We urge you to continue that important tradition and pass a conference agreement by the end of the year. 
“We feel strongly that restoring the same-year deductibility of R&D expenses is a commonsense policy to support American innovation,” Fanning continues. “This is especially true for small businesses, which may have to choose between salaries or investing in R&D. 
“Our warfighters and aerospace innovators are hindered by a stop-and-start government funding their vital activities for a few weeks at a time for the fiscal year, as we experienced in FY24. Industries like ours cannot hire, plan, or invest without an understanding of where the federal government will set its funding priorities.”
You can read the full letter below or by clicking here. 

November 15, 2024
Dear Speaker Johnson, Majority Leader Schumer, Republican Leader McConnell, and Democratic Leader Jeffries:
The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) represents more than 300 of the leading aerospace and defense companies in the United States. These companies provide high-paying jobs to thousands of Americans in all 50 states, contribute billions to the U.S. economy, and are responsible for innovations that power and strengthen our military, create new achievements in space exploration, and make commercial air travel safer and more efficient.
As Congress begins its end-of-year legislative push, we look forward to working with you to advance priority legislation important to our industry, our workers and their families, and the U. S. economy. This includes fiscal year (FY) 2025 government funding, the FY25 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), and legislation to restore the immediate deductibility of research and development (R&D) expenses for federal tax purposes.
American servicemembers, the Department of Defense, and the defense industrial base depend on the authorities and guidance provided in the NDAA each year. This critical bill has been passed by Congress for each of the past 63 years. We urge you to continue that important tradition and pass a conference agreement by the end of this calendar year.
American innovators in A&D and other industries have been negatively impacted by tax law changes put into effect beginning in tax year 2022 that disallow the deduction of most R&D expenses in the year they occur. By stretching out these tax benefits over five years, companies are encouraged to invest capital in other areas that are more financially advantageous. We feel strongly that restoring the same-year deductibility of R&D expenses is a commonsense policy to support American innovation. This is especially true for small businesses, which may have to choose between paying salaries or investing in R&D. AIA members in the defense industrial base rely on this tax deduction to generate cutting-edge technology that protects our warfighters and helps maintain our global leadership in aircraft manufacturing, emerging aviation technologies, and commercial space.
Finally, it is critical for Congress to finalize the 12 regular appropriations bills before the end of this calendar year and not depend, once again, on lengthy continuing resolutions (CRs). Companies like our members that do business with the Department of Defense, the Federal Aviation Administration, and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration rely on timely, sufficient, responsible levels of government funding. This is especially important with a new administration entering the White House in January and a fiscal year 2026 budget due to Congress the following month.
Our warfighters and aerospace innovators are hindered by a stop-and-start government funding their vital activities for a few weeks at a time for six months of the fiscal year, as we experienced in FY24. Industries like ours cannot hire, plan, or invest without an understanding of where the federal government will set its funding priorities. Long CRs lead to months of stagnation and costly inefficiency that undermine our partnership with vital agencies and make it challenging to recruit new businesses into the defense sector. With the progress made thus far, we believe it is possible for Congress to finalize the FY25 appropriations bills this year, and we strongly urge that result.
AIA remains Congress’ partner in these critical efforts. Please let me know how we can support you with this agenda as you finalize legislation for the 118th Congress and prepare for the 119th. 
Respectfully,
Eric Fanning
President and CEO
Aerospace Industries Association
[title:]AIA President and CEO Commends House Armed Services Committee FY25 NDAA Markup
[date:]May 23, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today commended the House Armed Services Fiscal Year 25 National Defense Authorization Act markup: 
“The Aerospace Industries Association congratulates the House Armed Services Committee on a successful markup of the FY25 National Defense Authorization Act. AIA is grateful to Chairman Rogers, Ranking Member Smith, and the committee for their commitment to strengthening national defense, investing in new technology, and equipping the warfighter. 
“We thank the committee for paying close attention to the defense industrial base – a key pillar of America’s deterrence posture. The capacity of the defense base is a capability in and of itself and sends a clear signal to potential adversaries that any aggression will be met with unwavering strength and resilience.
“This markup kicks off the annual cycle of funding the Department of Defense and what AIA hopes is a bipartisan effort to improve this budget and better support the defense industrial base and our entire national security enterprise. Predictable, dependable, and sufficient funding is the most important way Congress can provide a stable foundation for its industry partners.”

[title:]AIA Releases International Legislative Priorities for FY2025
[date:]May 21, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) today released its international legislative affairs prior to the committee markups for the Fiscal Year 2025 National Defense Authorization Act and other critical authorizing legislation slated to start this week. 
AIA has championed legislative provisions that would promote resiliency for the defense industrial base, advance cooperation with allied and partner nations, and enable our industry to support the foreign policy and national security objectives of the United States.
“The U.S. defense industrial base has worked with foreign partners and allies for decades to build a resilient global supply chain that makes our country stronger. Now, we need Congress to take steps to remove outdated barriers to trade with our allies and partners that accelerates our industry’s ability to support global security,” AIA Vice President of International Affairs Dak Hardwick said. “AIA’s priorities call on Congress to adapt to a rapidly changing world, allowing us to out-innovate, out-create, and out-deliver our adversaries. We look forward to working with Congress to implement these necessary changes.”
You can find the list of AIA’s priorities here.

[title:]AIA President and CEO Applauds Congress Reauthorization of the FAA
[date:]May 15, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association President and CEO Eric Fanning today praised Congress for their bipartisan vote to reauthorize the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for five years, marking the end of a series of extensions that yielded uncertainty for critical programs at the FAA. 
“The United States is the global leader in aviation, the gold standard of safety, and the birthplace of next-generation innovation that will transform the way we travel. Today’s vote reflects a unified commitment to maintaining that position,” Fanning said. “The FAA’s work is critical and shapes the future of aviation. This legislation will empower the FAA to modernize their processes for safety and efficiency, to drive technological advancement forward, and to develop the workforce needed to achieve these and many of AIA’s other priorities. AIA is grateful to Congress, especially to Chair Cantwell, Ranking Member Cruz, Chairman Graves, and Ranking Member Larsen, for their efforts to pass this critically important legislation, and we look forward to seeing President Biden sign it into law.” 
AIA championed key priorities that were included in the legislation, including:

Safety and efficiency through digitization of FAA system (Sec. 220);
Global aviation safety and efficiency in the FAA’s international offices (Sec. 358); 
Workforce Grants Programs (Sec. 440); 
Rules for operation of powered-lift aircraft (Sec. 955); 
The FAA’s Environmental Research – Aircraft Technologies and Fuels program, CLEEN (Sec. 1008); and
The Aircraft Radio Altimeter Development, Testing, and Certification fund (Sec. 1018).

AIA has routinely called on Congress to reauthorize the FAA for five years and sent a letter to congressional leaders in November calling it “vitally important.”

[title:]AIA President and CEO Statement on Senator Wicker’s Defense Investment Plan
[date:]May 30, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. (May 30, 2024) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today released the following statement after Senator Roger Wicker (R-Miss.), the top Republican on the Senate Armed Services Committee, released a new investment plan to support the defense industrial base:
“AIA commends Sen. Wicker’s leadership and efforts to ensure the U.S. military is backed by a healthy defense industrial base. Threats are growing around the world, and deterring conflict requires sustained, sufficient investments that also acknowledge the realities of inflation. We appreciate Sen. Wicker for recognizing industry’s partnership and critical role in defending our country.”              

[title:]ICYMI: AIA Member Testifies Before U.S. Trade Representative on Importance of Supply Chain Resiliency
[date:]May 3, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. (May 3, 2024) – In case you missed it, CEO and owner of GSE Dynamics and Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) Executive Committee member Anne Shybunko-Moore testified on behalf of AIA before the U.S. Trade Representative (USTR). At a hearing of over 60 entities, she emphasized the need for free market policies, a pro-business development and growth government, and working with allies and partners to provide the best and lowest cost materials to the warfighter while providing specific recommendations to execute these efforts. 
In her testimony, Shybunko-Moore highlighted the interdependent nature of the defense and civil supply chains both with each other and with the global supply chain. “Our industrial base includes over 100,000 companies across the commercial and defense markets. Unlike other industries, the commercial aerospace and defense industries are deeply intertwined. Defense companies rely on the commercial market for access to minerals, materials, and products at scale, quality, and cost,” Shybunko-Moore said. 
She underscored the need for heightened interagency and industry-government collaboration, as well as the importance of global partnerships. “Our topline recommendation is simple: The U.S. government should implement a comprehensive and collaborative approach to supply chain resiliency, balancing investments in domestic sourcing with flexible regulations that support cooperation with allies and partners,” Shybunko-Moore said. “This approach should consider the critical role of the global market.”
She also encouraged the U.S. government to implement and expand policies such as the CHIPS and Science Act and the Inflation Reduction Act’s Advanced Manufacturing Tax credit to foster industry growth. “Certain trade remedies, such as anti-dumping and Section 301 investigations, can protect domestic industry. But they must be appropriately scoped to avoid burdening businesses, especially smaller suppliers, with additional costs. We encourage you to continue engaging with industry to understand how tariffs might affect competitiveness and consumer pricing, among other impacts,” Shybunko-Moore said.
A woman-owned small business, GSE Dynamics plays a critical role in the aerospace and defense (A&D) supply chain, providing testing for military components and assemblies. 
You can read Shybunko-Moore’s written testimony here. 
You can read Shybunko-Moore’s oral testimony here.
[title:]AIA Urges Congress to Invest in FAA, Equip for Next-Generation Technology
[date:]April 30, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. (April 30, 2024) – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) today released its priorities for the fiscal year 2025 Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies appropriations bill, which authorizes funding for the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA). 
“Our industry is constantly on the cutting edge of technology. We develop, create, and deliver safe and reliable aviation. From advanced air mobility and next-generation air travel to space systems that will push us into a new era of space flight, the aerospace and defense industry will propel the United States into the future,” Vice President of Civil Aviation Di Reimold said. “AIA and our members have continually advocated for robust investments in the FAA to develop the proper policy framework and build the workforce that will continually enhance safety and efficiency and unleash innovative technologies to ensure U.S. leadership in this critical industry remains unchallenged.
“We thank Chaiman Schatz, Chairman Womack, Ranking Member Hyde-Smith, and Ranking Member Quigley for their steadfast support of our industry as they develop this year’s bill.”
In a letter to Senate and House Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Subcommittee leadership, AIA outlined its funding priorities for the year, including

The overall Operations Program;
The Work Tracking System and Certification Project Notification System;
The Advanced Air Mobility Infrastructure Pilot Program; 
Aviation and Aerospace Talent Development Program;
The Office of Commercial Space Transportation;
The FAA’s Environment and Energy Program, ASCENT;
The FAA’s Environmental Research – Aircraft Technologies and Fuels program, CLEEN;
The Workforce Grants Programs; and
The Aircraft Radio Altimeter Development, Testing, and Certification fund.

You can read the full letter here.

[title:]AIA President and CEO Statement on Newly Released ITAR Exemption Rule for AUKUS Nations
[date:]May 1, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. (May 1, 2024) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today released a statement following the publication of a draft rule from the Department of State, exempting AUKUS nations from the international Traffic in Arms Regulation (ITAR): 
“These proposed regulations are the U.S. government’s most important next step to unleash the full potential of AUKUS,” Fanning said. “The future of this partnership hinges on getting this right – and that means making trade and technology transfer easier than it is now. 
“As we’ve said all along, deep and enduring collaboration with industry is a cornerstone of the AUKUS partnership. We appreciate the work the administration put into drafting these proposed regulations, and we look forward to working together to address the excluded technologies list and the territorial restrictions. We also must also address the challenge of integrating non-AUKUS supply chain companies into AUKUS. AUKUS is enabled by a global supply chain, and we must account for that global supply chain for AUKUS to achieve its maximum potential.  
“The Aerospace Industries Association will work closely with the Department of State to provide detailed feedback that will help improve the proposed regulations. We share the goal of making the generational change AUKUS envisions a reality – with a system that works not only for U.S. regulators, but also for our AUKUS allies and the defense industry that is foundational to AUKUS’ success.”
In April, AIA’s Dak Hardwick participated in an AUKUS roundtable with the House Foreign Affairs Committee, where he advocated for seamless technology sharing and cross collaboration between the United States, United Kingdom, and Australia. 

[title:]AIA President and CEO Welcomes Introduction of FAA Reauthorization Legislation
[date:]April 29, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. (April 29, 2024) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today welcomed the introduction of bipartisan legislation to reauthorize the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for five years. 
“With just over a week until the Federal Aviation Administration’s current authorities expire, the Aerospace Industries Association is grateful to Senate Commerce, Science and Transportation Committee Chair Cantwell and Ranking Member Cruz, and House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee Chair Sam Graves and Ranking Member Larsen for finalizing a bipartisan agreement on a five-year FAA reauthorization,” Fanning said. “This legislation will ensure the United States strengthens our global leadership in aviation — unleashing innovation so new technologies and the next generation of aviation workers can thrive. Most importantly, the policies in this bill enhance flight safety for everyone.
“The Aerospace Industries Association is glad to see many priorities of the aviation manufacturing industry included in the text—modernizing FAA processes for safety and efficiency benefits; strengthening bilateral safety agreements; establishing a new aviation manufacturing workforce development program; and finalizing rules for the operation of powered-lift aircraft; We look forward to Congress taking action later this week to move this legislation before the May 10 deadline.”
In November, AIA sent a letter to congressional leadership urging them to reauthorize the FAA. 

[title:]AIA Urges Congress to Plus Up Funding for NASA in FY25
[date:]April 29, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. (April 29, 2024) – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) today released its priorities for the fiscal year 2025 Commerce-Justice-Science appropriations bill, which funds the National Astronautics and Space Association (NASA) and National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA). 
“As the country explores new frontiers in space and aviation, from next generation airplanes to weather forecasting to missions to the moon and beyond, robust investment in NASA and NOAA’s aerospace programs is an investment in a bold and innovative future,” AIA’s Vice President of Space Systems Mike French said. “After a decade of budget growth, the FY24 cut for NASA must be a one-time exception. We urge the Appropriations Committee, particularly Chair Shaheen, Chairman Rogers, Ranking Member Moran, and Ranking Member Cartwright, to renew our commitment to American leadership in space and consider President Biden’s request a floor for fiscal year 2025.”
In a letter to Senate and House Commerce-Justice-Science Appropriations Subcommittee leadership, AIA outlined some key policy positions raised by this year’s budget. AIA supports NASA’s rescoping of the Mars Sample Return mission to align with Decadal Survey budget estimates. AIA also supports sufficient funding dedicated to supporting the staff at Goddard Space Flight Center in the orderly wind-down of OSAM-1 while leveraging the valuable work accomplished to advance industry’s capabilities in In-space Servicing Assembly and Manufacturing (ISAM).
Click here to read the full request letter.

[title:]AIA Convenes Second Industry Delegation to U.S.-France Comprehensive Dialogue on Space
[date:]March 21, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. (March 21, 2024) – The Aerospace Industries Association yesterday convened a delegation of U.S. industry representatives in Arlington, Va., to meet with U.S. and French government delegates to the second U.S.-France Comprehensive Dialogue on Space. More than 50 U.S. and French space companies joined the dialogue to discuss issues across civil, commercial, and national security space.  
“The dialogue is a unique setting to share opportunities to grow space commerce between the U.S. and France with both governments directly,” said Mike French, AIA’s Vice President of Space Systems. “This was the second meeting ever and the first the United States has hosted, with AIA playing a leading role in the dialogue as an industry convener. Right now, space has never been more important to our economy and national security, which is why we must work to strengthen our international partnerships. AIA is proud to have hosted this dialogue, and we look forward to continuing these conversations in the future.”
The U.S. space company representatives included:

Amazon Kuiper
Amazon Web Services
Axiom Space
BAE Systems
BlackSky Technologies
Blue Origin 
The Boeing Company
COMSPOC Corp.
ExoAnalytic Solutions Inc.
HawkEye 360
Hexcel Corporation
Kayhan Space
LeoLabs, Inc.
Lockheed Martin
Northrop Grumman Corporation
Planet
Rocket Lab USA
RTX
Slingshot Aerospace, Inc.
SpaceX
True Anomaly
Vast
Viasat
Voyager Space
Space Tango


[title:]AIA President and CEO Statement on Department of Defense Funding Deal
[date:]March 21, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va (March 21, 2024) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today released the following statement after Congress unveiled final appropriations legislation for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2024: 
“The Department of Defense, supported by the defense industrial base, keeps America safe, but it cannot fulfill its mission without sufficient, predictable funding. The fiscal year 2024 appropriations agreement to fund the Pentagon and other key agencies is a necessary step in the right direction,” Fanning said. “With global instability on the rise, it is more important than ever to provide stability to our military, clear demand signals to industry, and an unwavering message of strength to our allies and partners. 
“While we are grateful Congress has come to an agreement, the time it has taken to reach this deal has wasted money and placed undue risk on the national security of the United States. Congress should avoid repeating this cycle and instead pass full appropriations legislation ahead of the annual September deadline. Today, we urge Congress to pass this legislation and President Biden to swiftly sign this bill into law.”  
AIA has long called for on-time appropriations to support the Department of Defense, FAA, NASA, and other agencies that support America’s aerospace and defense industry. Read AIA’s most recent letter to Congress here. 

[title:]AIA President and CEO Statement on Civil Aviation Priorities in Biden’s FY25 Budget
[date:]March 11, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. (March 11, 2024) – Today, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning issued the following statement outlining AIA’s civil aviation priorities in President Biden’s fiscal year 2025 budget:
“The President’s fiscal year 2025 budget comes at a critical time for our industry. We must keep our sights set on maintaining the United States’ role as the gold standard for global aviation safety, allowing for the safe integration of new and emerging technologies in our national airspace while ensuring the continued efficiency of current operations, achieving our goals in sustainability, and building the workforce to support these efforts,” Fanning said. “This will not be accomplished without significant and stable funding for the Federal Aviation Administration, and we thank the President for prioritizing safe and sustainable aviation in his budget. AIA will continue working with the Administration and Congress to ensure our aerospace sector remains competitive, innovative, and resilient in the years to come.”

[title:]AIA CEO and President Statement on Securities and Exchange Commission Climate Disclosure Rules
[date:]March 6, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. (March 6, 2024) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today released the following statement after the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission’s (SEC) voted to finalize new climate risk disclosure rules:
“Sustainability is a top priority for Aerospace Industries Association members, and we recognize the importance of addressing the climate impacts of our products and operations,” Fanning said. “That is why commercial aviation manufacturers have made a commitment to work with airline customers and governments around the world to achieve net-zero carbon emissions by 2050. We are pleased to see more realistic rules from the Securities and Exchange Commission regarding how public companies should disclose climate risks. 
“In particular, we appreciate the understanding that Scope 3 emissions at this moment are far too difficult to track with sufficient accuracy and would overly burden aerospace companies and their supply chain. We also thank the SEC for extending the schedule to allow our companies to better prepare for the impacts of this rule,” Fanning said. “As this rule is implemented, the aerospace industry will continue to be a close partner with the U.S. government to reduce carbon emissions and create a greener future.”
Fanning testified at the House Science Subcommittee on Investigations and Oversight on potential concerns with this and similar rules in September 2023, where he described the rule, as originally written, as “not executable for the aerospace and defense industry.” Read Fanning’s full testimony here. AIA also submitted comments to the SEC regarding the impacts of this rule on the industry in June 2022. Read those comments here.

[title:]AIA President and CEO Statement on Space Priorities in Biden’s FY25 Budget
[date:]March 11, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. (March 11, 2024) – Today, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning issued the following statement outlining AIA’s space priorities in President Biden’s Fiscal Year 2025 budget: 
“Space activities are essential to our everyday lives. From enabling critical weather forecasts, to revolutionizing U.S. national security capabilities, to providing a deeper understanding of our planet, space has never been more critical to our economy and national security,” Fanning said.  “The Aerospace Industries Association was disappointed to see the first drop in NASA funding in 10 years in the just-passed FY24 consolidated appropriations bill, threatening key aeronautics, exploration, space technology, and science programs. However, we are pleased the President’s budget request supports an increase to NASA’s current funding beyond the FY24 level and see this request as a floor for Congress as it deliberates next year’s appropriation.”

[title:]AIA President and CEO Statement on FY25 Budget Request for Defense
[date:]March 11, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va (March 11, 2024) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today released a statement following the release of President Biden’s fiscal year 2025 budget for the Department of Defense: 
“The Aerospace Industries Association – representing hundreds of companies spanning the defense industrial base – has long advocated for strong investment in national security — especially now as we face growing instability, mounting threats, and ongoing economic perturbations. We remain concerned that the defense topline — the product of last year’s Fiscal Responsibility Act — falls short of meeting this moment, especially after years of record-high inflation eating up the Pentagon’s buying power,” Fanning said. “The President’s previous supplemental request is a crucial addition to the fiscal year 2024 topline, but it is only a down payment on the long-term investment needed to shore up the defense industrial base. Furthermore, while we understand tough decisions had to be made, this budget makes deep cuts to programs that are critical to our national security and muddies demand signals to industry even as we are called on to do more. 
“We have one clear message to send budgetary decision-makers: Investing in deterrence now will leave our nation better off in the future. AIA urges Congress, the Biden Administration, and the Department of Defense to come together to plus up this budget and protect the American way, warfighter, ally, and homeland.”  

[title:]AIA Commends Passage of Full-Year Funding for FAA, NASA
[date:]March 9, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. (March 9, 2024) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today released the following statement after Congress passed full-year appropriations for Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, including the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), and Commerce, Justice, Science, including the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA):
“Space and aviation are two of the most critical areas propelling the country into a more vibrant future. After a series of continuing resolutions that stifled innovation, hurt the federal workforce, and delayed meaningful progress on key initiatives, AIA and our members are grateful Congress has provided full-year funding for the Federal Aviation Administration and NASA, and we continue to urge Congress to finalize funding for the rest of the federal government, especially the Department of Defense.”

[title:]AIA Releases 2024 Legislative Priorities
[date:]March 5, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va (March 5, 2024) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning yesterday sent a letter to congressional leaders outlining the trade association’s legislative priorities for 2024, including full-year appropriations, modernizing trade and safety regulation, and fostering an innovative environment that will propel the United States into the next generation. 
“As the voice of the American aerospace and defense industry, the Aerospace Industries Association champions policies that will protect American competitiveness, enhance the defense industrial base, and keep our $952 billion industry strong enough to deter our adversaries,” Fanning said. “From repealing a harmful research and development tax policy, to unleashing the next generation of American innovation, to modernizing defense trade processes to better equip the warfighter, Congress has enormous opportunity to take the aerospace and defense industry to new heights in 2024.
“Many of our priorities already have broad bipartisan support — keeping American aviation the gold standard of safety, growing the space industry, and strengthening and enhancing our global partnerships. As President Biden delivers the State of the Union this week, we hope Congress will keep in mind the priorities of an industry that employs 2.2 million hardworking Americans and generates almost 2 percent of total GDP. In turn, AIA and our members continue to stand ready as a reliable partner to the U.S. government.” 
You can read the full letter below or by clicking here. 

Dear Speaker Johnson, Majority Leader Schumer, Republican Leader McConnell, and Democratic Leader Jeffries:
The more than 320 members of the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) and 2.2 million workers employed by the aerospace and defense industry represent not only the best of U.S. innovation, aviation safety, and national security, but also a close partnership with the Department of Defense (DOD), the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), and other federal agencies. As Congress receives President Biden’s State of the Union address this week, we respectfully request that Congress prioritize the following issues for the rest of this calendar year:
Stable, Predictable, and Sufficient Federal Funding
Enduring partnerships between the aerospace and defense industry and the federal government are necessary for our national security, aviation safety, and innovation in space. Our productive relationships with the DOD, FAA, NASA, and other agencies depend on predictable and consistent demand signals driven by the annual budget and appropriations process. AIA will continue to urge Congress to eliminate the broken budget process of governing via continuing resolution and instead pass on-time and adequate appropriations for FY25 and beyond.
Tax Policy that Encourages Innovation
America stays ahead of our economic and strategic competitors because we lead the world in innovation. For decades, our tax policies encouraged American businesses to invest in the research and development that kept us on the cutting edge, but that has changed — and it is stifling innovation and harming American businesses, especially small businesses. There is broad bipartisan support in both the House and the Senate to fix the R&D tax amortization requirement — but Congress must vote on this legislation to provide much needed relief.
More Effective Acquisition Policies for National Defense
Ensuring the health and resilience of the defense industrial base requires a long-term approach rooted in consistency and clear demand signals. Sustained investment to increase capacity matters, but so does reducing barriers to entry and eliminating unnecessary costs of compliance to the myriad of federal acquisition regulations and policies. These barriers can cause companies, especially small businesses and commercial companies, to shy away from doing business with the DOD or leave the defense industrial base entirely. One significant example involves the compliance requirements for Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification (CMMC). Requirements such as these stress an already vulnerable supply chain. We believe companies will continue to exit the defense industrial base due to the costs associated with programs and directives like these. Congress and the DOD must do more to lower the costs of compliance, accelerate the defense contract process, and offer cost of compliance assistance to small businesses that are critical to the defense industrial base.
Safety Enhancement and Efficiency in Commercial Aviation
American commercial aviation must remain both safe and globally competitive and achieve this for both traditional and newly emerging sectors of the aviation industry. To do this effectively, the FAA’s authority on aviation safety must be second to none in its capability and highly respected on the world stage. Given the important changes in aviation since enactment of the last FAA reauthorization bill in 2018, it is imperative that Congress finalize a five-year FAA reauthorization bill as soon as possible to provide new direction and authorities to the agency.
Next-Generation Space Capabilities The U.S. space industry has seen tremendous growth and increasing importance to our nation’s economic and national security success. These changes warrant a careful examination of current law to ensure continued U.S. space industry innovation and a long-term sustainable space environment. To succeed in these goals, Congress must prioritize appropriations for FY24 and FY25 at levels that support growing national security and civil space requirements in an inflationary environment. U.S. space industry success is also dependent on a stable regulatory environment, requiring an updated reauthorization of FAA programs and passage of updated commercial space legislation. Finally, our national security space enterprise requires the timely passage of a National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) for FY25 supporting necessary funding levels and promoting the use of commercial capabilities in space domain awareness.
Modernizing Defense Trade   
Global trade is optimized through clear and consistent policies and regulations that prioritize cooperation with allies and partners while incentivizing domestic producers. Global markets are integral to fostering innovation and accelerating the development of emerging technologies. The recent AUKUS legislation included in the FY24 NDAA highlights that strong international partnerships enhance U.S. capabilities and alleviate industrial base shortfalls. Modernizing the defense trade process, building resilient supply chains, and accelerating technology release reviews are essential to U.S. economic and national security. By addressing these key areas, Congress can promote global stability and maintain United States leadership abroad.
We appreciate your attention to these key issues facing the aerospace and defense industry and look forward to continuing working with you to strengthen our national security, improve aviation safety, and encourage the next generation of space innovation.
Respectfully,
Eric Fanning
[title:]AIA Statement on Path Forward for FY 2024 Government Funding
[date:]February 29, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Feb. 29, 2024) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today released the following statement after congressional leadership announced an agreement on fiscal year 2024 appropriations bills:
“The Aerospace Industries Association welcomes news that Congress has reached a path forward on funding key federal departments and agencies, including the Federal Aviation Administration and NASA. 
“While we are disappointed that yet another continuing resolution is required to cross this finish line when we are already five months into the fiscal year, this outcome is far preferable to the alternative — a government shutdown. The lack of full-year funding has put key government programs in purgatory, wasted taxpayer money on outdated budgets, and hindered forward progress that will make our country more secure, push us to the next levels of technological advancement, and support American competitiveness in key industries like aerospace. 
“Furthermore, we urge negotiators to reach a swift solution on the remaining six bills, especially funding for the Department of Defense. Failing to do so would harm our national security, jeopardize the health of the defense industrial base, and telegraph a message of weakness to America’s adversaries.
“As we await further details on this first tranche of bills, we stand with Congress and the appropriators working overtime to fully fund the federal government and protect American leadership in aerospace and defense.”

[title:]AIA President and CEO Commemorates 75th NATO Summit with New Report Urging Deeper Cooperation
[date:]July 9, 2024
[content:]Washington, D.C. – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today commemorated the North Atlantic Treaty Organization’s (NATO) 75th Summit by calling for a deeper cooperation and interoperability between the allied nations’ industrial bases. AIA’s new white paper outlines key recommendations to modernize the NATO Alliance and encourage transatlantic industrial base coordination.
“NATO has been a fundamental part of upholding a rules-based order for the last 75 years. Our collective and unwavering strength serves as the bulwark against adversaries, and this week is an opportunity to bolster our alliance through joint defense base cooperation,” Fanning said. “As the global security environment grows increasingly complex, the rising demand for defense capabilities is putting pressure on the transatlantic industrial base. AIA encourages NATO nations to leverage decades of existing cooperation to promote targeted and coordinated industrial base investments that will safeguard our shared values. 
“As we celebrate the 75-year legacy this week at the NATO summit, AIA congratulates NATO Allies on their dedication to an enduring and united partnership and looks forward to the next era of the Alliance,” Fanning continued.
Read the paper here. 

[title:]AIA Urges Congress to Fund the Government, Act on Critical Legislation Ahead of Key Deadlines
[date:]February 26, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. (February 26, 2024) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today welcomed Congress back to Washington after a two-week recess and pressed them to pass critical legislation to provide much needed funding and clear demand signals to the American aerospace and defense industry.  
“As Congress returns to DC, AIA and our over 320 members urge Congress to act swiftly on must-pass legislation, with full-year appropriations as top priority,” Fanning said. “Without proper funding, the adverse impacts will reverberate throughout the U.S. government and economy — including at the Department of Defense where our capacity to surge remains in jeopardy, the Department of State through which global trade runs, and the FAA and NASA where critical work in safety, space, and new technologies is progressing.  
“But that’s not all. Congress also faces a March 8 deadline to authorize the FAA for another five years so that American aviation remains the gold standard of safety,” Fanning continued. “Further, America’s innovators are still waiting for the Senate to move on the Tax Relief for American Families and Workers Act before another tax season comes and goes. This critical bill provides a short-term fix to a harmful policy that has forced American businesses to cut back on R&D spending — paring back their workforces and weakening America’s advantage in aerospace and defense. 
“Congress has a lot to accomplish in a short amount of time, and we look forward to them work quickly to address these critical priorities.”  

[title:]AIA President and CEO Comments on Defense Industrial Strategy Interim Implementation Plan
[date:]July 8, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today commented on the Department of Defense’s (DOD) recently released National Defense Industrial Strategy (NDIS) interim implementation plan: 
“The Aerospace Industries Association is encouraged by the Department of Defense’s continued focus on bolstering the health and resilience of the defense industrial base. We’re pleased to see that this interim implementation plan emphasizes key priorities for which we’ve long been advocating: timely appropriations, multi-year procurement, and rapid execution of contracting – all contributing to the demand signal industry needs to make more timely investments with greater certainty,” Fanning said. “We hope to learn more about implementation of the National Defense Industrial Strategy as the military departments put elements of the plan into action, and we will continue to coordinate closely with the Pentagon throughout this process.”
In January, AIA released a statement following the release of the strategy and called for industry engagement during the implementation of the NDIS. 

[title:]AIA Applauds House Passage of DOD Appropriations Legislation, Urges Increase to Topline
[date:]June 28, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association President (AIA) and CEO Eric Fanning today commended the House of Representatives for passing H.R. 8774, the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2025:
“Timely and sufficient appropriations for national defense are the bedrock of our nation’s security and the vitality of the defense industrial base. The Aerospace Industries Association welcomes the passage of the House’s Department of Defense Appropriations Act, a critical vote to provide the resources needed to equip our troops, build the base’s capacity, and defend the homeland and our allies and partners around the world,” Fanning said.
“However, as Russia continues its invasion of Ukraine, conflict in the Middle East boils, and tensions in the Indo-Pacific continue to rise, AIA is concerned that this budget does not match our deterrence strategy or support the demand industry is facing. AIA continues to urge Congress to increase the defense topline as this bill continues to move through the process.
“We thank Appropriations Committee Chairman Cole, Ranking Member DeLauro, sub-committee Chairman Calvert and Ranking Member McCollum, and Speaker Johnson and Minority Leader Jeffries for their leadership, and we look forward to continued partnership to enact this legislation into law by September 30.”

[title:]AIA President and CEO Raises Concerns About House Appropriations Committee Bill for FY25
[date:]June 25, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today issued the following statement after the House Committee on Appropriations released its Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies funding bill for fiscal year 2025:
“The Aerospace Industries Association thanks Subcommittee Chairman Rogers and Subcommittee Ranking Member Cartwright for investing in critical space programs at NASA and NOAA in this year’s Commerce, Justice and Science Appropriations bill, as well as Chairman Cole, Ranking Member DeLauro, and the full committee for acting quickly to advance this legislation through the process.
“While we appreciate the committee’s efforts, we are disappointed to see that NASA’s budget is cut below the President’s budget request. Rather than continuing a growth trajectory that keeps pace with inflation, the committee missed important opportunities to extend America’s leadership in space exploration and scientific discovery by reducing funding for key initiatives in STEM. We will continue to work with appropriators as this bill moves through the process to ensure NASA and NOAA have the resources needed to continue their ground-breaking work.”

[title:]AIA President and CEO Comments on House Defense Appropriations Bill for FY25
[date:]June 4, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today released the following statement on the House Appropriations Committee’s draft defense funding bill for fiscal year 2025:
“The Aerospace Industries Association thanks Chairman Cole, Ranking Member DeLauro, Subcommittee Chairman Calvert, Subcommittee Ranking Member McCollum, and the House Appropriations Committee for prioritizing national security and working toward the on-time enactment of appropriations for the Department of Defense,” Fanning said.
“A resilient defense industrial base that can produce at scale over time is an important element of our national defense strategy. Building and sustaining that base requires sufficient and dependable funding that keeps pace with inflationary pressures and bolsters our ability to deter our adversaries. This bill is an important first step, but amid current economic circumstances and with the demands currently made of industry, we hope to see bipartisan support for a stronger topline as this bill continues to move through the process.” 

[title:]AIA Applauds House Passage of Annual Defense Bill
[date:]June 14, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association President (AIA) and CEO Eric Fanning today praised the House for passing H.R. 8070, The National Defense Authorization Act of 2025:
“The Aerospace Industries Association welcomes the passage of the House’s National Defense Authorization Act, a critical step to bolster the defense industrial base, compensate our troops, and support our allies and partners abroad,” Fanning said. “We are pleased to see many of AIA’s key priorities in the bill, including policies that will provide contract flexibility and enable industry to move quicker. 
“We thank Chairman Rogers and Ranking Member Smith for their dedication to America’s national security, and look forward to the final bipartisan and bicameral product that will enhance our competitive advantage, strengthen the industrial base, and protect the homeland.”

[title:]AIA President and CEO Praises SASC Action to Increase Defense Topline
[date:]June 14, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today commended the Senate Armed Services Committee on a successful markup of the Fiscal Year 2025 National Defense Authorization Act:
“The Aerospace Industries Association welcomes the Senate Armed Services Committee’s progress on the 2025 National Defense Authorization Act and congratulates them on their successful markup.
“AIA thanks Chairman Reed and Ranking Member Wicker for their leadership that will equip and authorize our troops, build out our defense industrial base, and unleash the next generation of warfighting capabilities.
“We appreciate the committee – especially Ranking Member Wicker – for recognizing the need to match budget to threat and strategy and increasing the defense topline by $25 billion above the request. This boost will support much-needed investments in production capacity and enable the defense industrial base to do what it does best – innovate, collaborate, and produce cutting-edge technology.
“We look forward to continuing our work alongside Congress to get this critical legislation passed into law.”

[title:]AIA Taps Long-time Legislative Leader Nora Khalil as Vice President of Legislative Affairs
[date:]June 11, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. (June 11, 2024) – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA), the leading voice of America’s aerospace and defense industry, today announced that senior Capitol Hill veteran Nora Khalil has joined the organization as Vice President of Legislative Affairs. 
In this role, Khalil will serve as AIA’s top liaison on Capitol Hill. This strategic addition underscores AIA’s commitment to advancing industry interests through robust legislative engagement.
 “The Aerospace Industries Association is thrilled to welcome Nora Khalil aboard to lead our outreach on Capitol Hill,” said Eric Fanning, AIA President and CEO. “At this pivotal moment for innovation and deterrence, having a seasoned and strong voice like Nora to represent America’s aerospace and defense industry is crucial. Nora brings decades of experience and a critical skill set to our already exceptional leadership team. I know she’ll hit the ground running as Congress kicks off the annual appropriations and authorization markup cycle.”              
Khalil joins AIA with more than two decades of experience in the private and public sectors, including tenures in Congress and the Executive Branch. Throughout her career, Khalil has focused on strategic external outreach, connecting Congress with key stakeholders to advance critical national security and legislative priorities. Most recently, Khalil was a professional staff member for the House Appropriations Energy and Water Subcommittee; she also served as the top Republican staffer on the Senate Appropriations Energy and Water Committee. 
From 2017 to 2020, Khalil served as Associate Administrator for External Affairs at the National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA). Prior to that, she held similar roles at the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board and the Naval Reactors division of NNSA. Khalil began her career on Capitol Hill serving as Legislative Director for two House appropriators, former Rep. Ron Packard (R-Calif.), and Chairwoman Emerita Rep. Kay Granger (R-Texas). Khalil is a graduate of Loyola Marymount University in California.

[title:]Aviation Industry Welcomes Call for Enhanced US-EU Regulatory Alignment
[date:]June 13, 2024
[content:]WASHINGTON, D.C., June 13, 2024 – Key European and North American aviation industry associations welcomed the renewed commitment for greater coordination between the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and the European Union Aviation Safety Agency (EASA), announced during the 2024 FAA-EASA International Aviation Safety Conference.  
In a joint statement issued by Airlines for Europe (A4E), Aerospace Industries Association (AIA), Aerospace Security and Defence Industries Association of Europe (ASD), and the General Aviation Manufacturers Association (GAMA), the four associations highlighted priority areas where collaborative global leadership could further advance aviation safety and industry efficiency, sustainability, innovation and prepare the workforce for the future.
To view the joint statement, CLICK HERE.

[title:]Head of AIA Praises Lawmakers for Backing U.S. Defense Industry
[date:]April 23, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. (April 23, 2024) – After the Senate voted today to send national security supplemental funding to the President’s desk, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today commended Congress for bolstering the U.S. defense industrial base:
“The Aerospace Industries Association thanks Congress for reaffirming their support for our national security and the defense industrial base that underpins it. This legislation provides a much-needed injection of funding that will safeguard America’s future by replenishing U.S. stocks and increasing production capacity here at home. We look forward to seeing this bipartisan support for the American industrial base continue throughout the fiscal year 2025 appropriations process.”

[title:]AIA Brings on Veteran National Security Executive as Vice President of National Security Policy
[date:]April 23, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. (April 23, 2024) – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA), the leading voice for the American aerospace and defense industry, today announced that national security leader Ryan McDermott has joined as Vice President of National Security Policy.
“The Aerospace Industries Association continues to strengthen our top-tier leadership team by bringing Ryan on board,” said Eric Fanning, AIA’s President and CEO. “With expertise honed over years of diverse experience and a proven track record in strategic planning, organizational management, finance, and advocacy, Ryan will be an asset to championing the cause of our nation’s most innovative and critical defense companies. We look forward to extending AIA’s impact in national security policy with Ryan at the helm.” 
McDermott joins AIA from his previous role at the Department of the Air Force Cost & Economics office where he served as a Highly Qualified Expert supporting special projects and priority transformation efforts. Prior to joining the Department of the Air Force, McDermott was a Vice President at Professional Services Council, acting as an industry advocate and national security policy expert. McDermott holds a BS in Economics from the United States Military Academy, an MBA from the Darden School of Business, and an MA in Security Studies from Georgetown University.

[title:]AIA, Elbit America Highlight Small and Medium Companies at Supply Chain Policy Roundtable in Fort Worth, Texas
[date:]April 24, 2024
[content:]Fort Worth, Texas (April 24, 2024) – Yesterday, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) brought together Fort Worth-area businesses for a supply chain policy roundtable, in partnership with member company Elbit Systems of America. The roundtable convened 21 of AIA’s small and medium-sized supply chain member companies to explore avenues through which the United States Department of Defense and the rest of the federal government can support businesses of all sizes dedicated to our national defense.
Companies that attended yesterday’s roundtable included Ernst & Young LLP, Interconnect Wiring, Perimeter Global Logistics, Belcan, GKN Aerospace, Textron, Deloitte, and Andrews Aerospace.


“The supply chain is the lifeblood of the American aerospace and defense industry, and its health is paramount to continued advancements in safety, technology, efficiency, and sustainability — the innovations that keep America as the global leader in aerospace and defense,” said Eric Fanning, AIA’s President and CEO. “The Aerospace Industries Association convened this roundtable to connect policymakers directly with our supply chain members to help shape the initiatives that will strengthen this essential network, and we look forward to bringing their messages back to Washington, DC.”
Supply chain employees represent 57.7 percent of the total aerospace and defense workforce, playing a crucial role in driving our nation’s economic prosperity and ensuring national security. On June 13, AIA will continue this important discussion on supply chain resiliency in the aerospace and defense industry with policymakers at the inaugural Supply Chain Summit in the Washington, DC area.
As the voice of the American aerospace and defense industry, AIA represents members up and down the aerospace and defense supply chain – from small component suppliers to large original equipment manufacturers (OEMs). AIA has many small business CEOs available for interviews and other media engagements; if interested, please contact Marta Hernandez at [email protected].

[title:]ICYMI: AIA’s Dak Hardwick Highlights Industry’s Key Role in Enabling AUKUS Success at House Foreign Affairs Committee Roundtable
[date:]April 17, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. (April 17, 2024) – In case you missed it, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) Vice President of International Affairs Dak Hardwick participated in a roundtable with the House Foreign Affairs Committee today focused on AUKUS Pillar II. 
AIA and its members have long been supportive of the trilateral Australia, United Kingdom, United States agreement to provide conventionally armed, nuclear Virginia-class submarines to Australia to provide deterrence capabilities in the South China Sea and technology sharing capabilities between the three allies. Today’s roundtable focused on executing the second pillar of AUKUS that would enable seamless technology sharing and cross collaboration. 
In his opening remarks, Hardwick underscored industry’s key role in addressing threats in the Indo-Pacific — but noted that the U.S. defense trade system must evolve to enable the AUKUS partnership to succeed. “The aerospace and defense industry is poised to collectively innovate and deliver capability to make AUKUS a reality,” Hardwick opened. “For AUKUS Pillar II, operational success hinges on reducing barriers to cooperation and creating opportunities to produce and deliver high-end capabilities quickly. This requires a modern, integrated, and consistent legislative and regulatory system. Establishing a defense trade-friendly regulatory landscape that is demonstrably better than the existing system across all three governments is integral to its success. 
“For AUKUS and overall U.S. defense trade cooperation, the FY24 National Defense Authorization Act ushered in a landmark shift in policy,” Hardwick said. “This legislative change represents Congress’ recognition that a modern defense trade system emphasizes cooperation over control and flexibility over rigidity. Congress’ intent is clear: The AUKUS model is the future of defense trade cooperation with close allies.”
He also stressed the need for ongoing dialogue between industry and government. “As those responsible for delivering the capabilities envisioned under the AUKUS partnership, AIA and our members strongly believe regular, consistent industry feedback is essential to its successful implementation. We do understand that U.S. government officials share similar views,” Hardwick said.
You can read Hardwick’s full testimony here.
You can watch the full roundtable here.
[title:]AIA President and CEO Praises Boost for U.S. Industrial Base in National Security Supplementals
[date:]April 19, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. (April 19, 2024) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today urged the U.S. House of Representatives to pass a package of national security supplemental funding bills, which invest nearly $60 billion in the U.S. defense industrial base.
“In an era of escalating global threats, the supplemental funding for Ukraine, Israel, and the Indo-Pacific is not just an investment in global stability, but also the American defense industrial base,” Fanning said. “The majority of these funds stay within our own borders, backfilling U.S. stocks with the newest technology, bolstering our economy, and reinforcing the bedrock of our national security. This is a strategic infusion of resources that will expand our production capacity, support high-quality American jobs, and ensure that the U.S. military remains the most capable and best-equipped force in the world.
“By supporting these bills, Congress will reinforce their commitment to a future where American innovation and strength continue to lead the way in an increasingly complex world. The Aerospace Industries Association strongly urges the House to vote yes on all three supplementals.”
At the beginning of April, Fanning sent a letter to Speaker of the House Mike Johnson (R-LA) urging him to bring the Senate-passed supplemental to the House floor. AIA has consistently pushed Congress to act on supplemental funding to shore up the defense industrial base and strengthen national security since President Biden made the request in October 2023.

[title:]AIA President and CEO Comments on Transportation Funding Bill
[date:]June 26, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today made the following statement after the House Appropriations Committee released its draft fiscal year FY25 Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies funding bill:  
“With demand higher than ever, now is the time to make bold investments to enhance aviation safety and unleash the technology that will fundamentally change the way we travel. The Aerospace Industries Association supports the House Appropriations Committee chairman’s mark for Transportation, Housing, and Urban Development, and encourages the committee to advance this bill to the House floor,” Fanning said. 
“Critically, this year’s bill reflects AIA priorities to protect the FAA’s status as the gold standard for aviation safety and enable the expansion of commercial space flight. AIA thanks subcommittee Chairman Womack and Ranking Member Quigley, as well as Chairman Cole and Ranking Member DeLauro, for their hard work in producing a bipartisan bill that will take the aerospace industry to new heights.”

[title:]U.S. A&D Associations Praise First-Ever Trilateral Industry-Government AUKUS Conversations
[date:]April 9, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. (April 9, 2024) – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA), National Defense Industrial Association (NDIA), the Professional Services Council (PSC), and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce today praised the first-ever industry-government forum between AUKUS countries – the United States, the United Kingdom, and Australia.
“We welcome the trilateral conversations between the United States, United Kingdom, and Australia at Sea-Air-Space today, reaffirming industry and government’s shared commitment to AUKUS strategy and implementation,” Eric Fanning, President and CEO of AIA; David Norquist, President and CEO of NDIA; David Berteau, President and CEO of PSC; and Keith Webster, President of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce’s Defense and Aerospace Council and Federal Acquisition Council, said in a joint statement. “Today’s meeting represents a step forward in cementing enduring industry-government collaboration – an essential partnership for AUKUS to succeed. Our organizations appreciate the opportunity to participate and look forward to continuing these conversations to strengthen industry and government coordination across the three nations.”
In addition to AIA, PSC, NDIA, and the Chamber, which represented U.S. aerospace and defense companies, participants included:

Representatives from the U.S. Departments of Defense and State;
Representatives from the U.K. Ministry of Defence;
Representatives from the Australian Department of Defence;
Australian Industry (Ai) Group;
Australian Industry & Defence Network;
Business Council of Australia;
Tech Council of Australia;
ADS Group (U.K.);
Make UK Defense;
TechUK; and
Society of Maritime Industries (U.K.).

Today’s closed-door session was the first in a series of joint industry-government forums on AUKUS advanced capabilities, which the U.S., U.K., and Australian governments announced in December 2023. 

[title:]AIA President and CEO Urges R&D Tax Expensing Reform as Another Tax Day Arrives
[date:]April 15, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. (April 15, 2024) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today urged the Senate to pass the Tax Relief for American Families and Workers Act. This bill, passed by the House in January, would temporarily reverse a harmful research and development tax amortization provision that has stifled innovation and dampened American competitiveness: 
“American innovation has always led the way, from airplanes to moon landings. But the 2022 research and development (R&D) expensing change is holding us back; we’re now one of only two countries not allowing full deductions for R&D expenses. This hampers our economy and global competitiveness, forcing employers to reduce their workforces and disincentivizing the very innovation that propels us forward,” Fanning said. “Unlike us, nearly every other country, including China, is investing even more in R&D. Fixing this policy is common sense and already has bipartisan support. It’s time for the Senate to vote on the Tax Relief for American Families and Workers Act to put American innovation back in first place.” 
AIA and its members have repeatedly urged Congress to fix this harmful policy. In January, Fanning praised the House for passing the bill, sending it to the upper chamber. 
AIA also released an updated an R&D fact sheet, advocating for a pro-growth tax code. 

[title:]AIA President and CEO Urges House Speaker to Move on Critical National Security Supplemental Package
[date:]April 3, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va (April 3, 2024) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning is urging House Speaker Mike Johnson to take up the Senate-passed National Security Supplemental Appropriations Act of 2024. In a recent letter, Fanning highlighted the importance of the bill to the health of American defense industrial base, as well as the country’s broader national security goals in Eastern Europe, the Middle East, and the Indo-Pacific.
“The $95.3 billion bill passed by a vote of 70-29 because a bipartisan supermajority of the Senate recognized that this investment is about more than providing vital support to our allies and partners; it fundamentally strengthens America’s national security starting here at home,” Fanning wrote. “U.S manufacturing capacity is a military capability in itself. For this reason, the Aerospace Industries Association strongly urges the House to take up the Senate-passed legislation and pass it as soon as possible.
“This supplemental not only helps demonstrate our commitment to freedom and security around the world, but it also provides crucial investments to shore up the U.S. defense industrial base in ways that will help deter future conflicts,” Fanning continued.“Production is deterrence and the funding would replenish depleted American military stockpiles with new and modernized equipment, while also providing American-made equipment to our partners and allies fighting for freedom. Our national security is enhanced by both elements of this legislation.”
You can read the full letter below or by clicking here.

Dear Speaker Johnson:
On February 13, 2024, the U.S. Senate overwhelmingly passed the “National Security Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2024,” a bill providing supplemental appropriations to address the military conflicts in Ukraine and Israel, as well as U.S. Central Command combat expenditures in the Red Sea. Additionally, it bolsters the security of key regional partners in the Indo-Pacific and sends urgent humanitarian assistance into conflict zones across the globe. The $95.3 billion bill passed by a vote of 70-29 because a bipartisan supermajority of the Senate recognized that this investment is about more than providing vital support to our allies and partners; it fundamentally strengthens America’s national security starting here at home. U.S manufacturing capacity is a military capability in itself. For this reason, the Aerospace Industries Association strongly urges the House to take up the Senate-passed legislation and pass it as soon as possible.
More than five months have elapsed since the Administration requested $106 billion in supplemental national security funding to counter Russian aggression and address growing threats in the Indo-Pacific and other regions. With each passing month, as available funds dwindle, the situation in Ukraine becomes more challenging, and our options to support Ukraine and our European allies grow more limited. At the same time, China is investing heavily in its industrial base and is increasingly on a wartime footing. The U.S. must overmatch that investment and the supplemental is a down payment to achieving this objective.
This supplemental not only helps demonstrate our commitment to freedom and security around the world, but it also provides crucial investments to shore up the U.S. defense industrial base in ways that will help deter future conflicts. Production is deterrence and the funding would replenish depleted American military stockpiles with new and modernized equipment, while also providing American-made equipment to our partners and allies fighting for freedom. Our national security is enhanced by both elements of this legislation.
We appreciate the Senate’s strong, bipartisan support for this bill, and we urge the House to act in the same united fashion and send this vital and urgent legislation to the President’s desk.
Sincerely, 
Eric Fanning
President and CEO
Aerospace Industries Association
[title:]AIA President and CEO Commends DOD’s First-Ever Commercial Space Integration Strategy
[date:]April 2, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. (April 2, 2024) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today released the following statement on the Department of Defense’s first-ever Commercial Space Integration Strategy:
“The commercial space industry has always been a critical contributor to our national security and American way of life, so we appreciate the Administration’s focus on promoting and integrating the space industry across the Department of Defense. With the rapid pace of change in the space industry, it is crucial for the Department of Defense to support and integrate new capabilities and services to support the warfighter.
“The Aerospace Industries Association will continue to bridge the gap between government and industry to follow through with the new strategy.
“Our shared goal is delivering more space-based capabilities to warfighters around the globe, as well as having resilient architectures able to operate through a contested environment. As an important partner of the space industry, the Department of Defense should continue to find ways to on-board new capabilities and services to take full advantage of the unique benefits that can be leveraged from the space domain. Space must be integrated into all-domain operations and seamlessly provide information and services to maintain America’s competitive edge.
“We thank Dr. Plumb and his team for their hard work and engagement on this topic, and we look forward to working with both the Department of Defense and Congress on its implementation.”

[title:]AIA President and CEO Commends Passage of Defense Appropriations, Urges Action on Supplemental
[date:]March 23, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. (March 23, 2024) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today released the following statement after Congress passed appropriations legislation for the Department of Defense:
“Today’s passage of critical appropriations legislation ends this year’s cycle of continuing resolutions, which has created uncertainty across the government that reverberates throughout the American economy. The Aerospace Industries Association thanks Congress – led by the House and Senate Appropriations Committees – for providing funding to bolster the defense industrial base and defend the country. We especially offer our gratitude to House Appropriations Committee Chairwoman Kay Granger for her dedication to regular order and her longstanding commitment to ensuring our troops have the best, American-made equipment. 
“Over the last two years, the Department of Defense and the defense industrial base have faced increasing demands amid global conflicts and growing threats. Industry requires clear demand signals and stable, sufficient funding to innovate and deliver critical technologies to American warfighters, allies, and partners.
“While this legislation is a necessary step, it can’t be the last. Now is the time to build capacity in our defense industrial base to meet national security needs, enhance deterrence, and advance warfighting capabilities. The FY24 defense topline will only take us so far; Congress must finalize a national security supplemental package as soon as possible.”

[title:]ICYMI: AIA’s Eric Fanning Talks Singapore Airshow with CNBC, Bloomberg TV
[date:]February 20, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Feb. 20, 2024) – In case you missed it, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning joined CNBC and Bloomberg TV to tout American industry on display at the 2024 Singapore Airshow and the importance of the region to both the aerospace and defense industry and global security.


During the interviews, Fanning emphasized the need to invest in national defense for the United States and our allies and partners, calling on Congress to provide stability and consistent demand signals to its industry partners through not only the regular budget process but also by passing a supplemental funding bill. “There is a lot of money in that supplemental that…stays in America, supports American jobs, helps the Pentagon replenish the supplies that it has and modernize it at the same time and build and strengthen the industrial base,” he told CNBC’s Lin Lin. 
Fanning discussed the state of the industry’s supply chain following the COVID-19 pandemic and amid rising global tensions. “It took us years to get to where we are, which is a really lean supply chain, whichkept prices very low, but it failed to recognize that capacity is a capability itself for the military,” Fanning told Bloomberg TV’s Avril Hong. “Then COVID hit and really strained the supply chain because it is global…So a lot is being done to get out of that. [Our companies] are certainly focused on trying to ramp up faster, because there’s so much activity taking place around the globe.”
Fanning also commented on China’s showing in Singapore and encouraged competition, arguing that American industry always shows well. “We stand by our products. The demand around the world for aerospace and defense products out of the United States is strong. That competition just helps us showcase that quality,” he told CNBC. 
You can watch the full CNBC interview here.
You can watch the full Bloomberg TV interview here.
[title:]AIA CEO and President Commends Key Senate Vote, Investment into Defense Industrial Base
[date:]February 13, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. (February 13, 2024) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today commended the Senate for passing the supplemental funding bill.
“This supplemental defense bill is about America: building American manufacturing capacity and modernizing American military capabilities. This critical legislation injects much needed investment into our defense industrial base, replenishes American stockpiles with new and better equipment, and provides American-made equipment to our partners and allies fighting for freedom,” Fanning said. “We appreciate the Senate’s bipartisan support for this effort, and we urge the House to act in the same united fashion to send this vital supplemental to the President’s desk.”
AIA has called on Congress to make ongoing, stable investment in the defense industrial base, calling for action on both regular government funding bills as well as supplemental funding legislation.

[title:]Environmental Policy Expert David Hyde Returns to AIA as Senior Director of Sustainability
[date:]February 20, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Feb. 20, 2024) – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA), the leading voice for the American aerospace and defense industry, today announced that environmental policy expert David Hyde has returned to the association as Senior Director of Sustainability, effective today. 
“Reducing our environmental footprint remains a top priority for AIA and our member companies, and David will be a great resource for us as we continue working closely with the federal government to achieve these goals,” said Eric Fanning, AIA’s President and CEO. “David’s expertise will strengthen AIA’s voice in Washington, DC, and advance the technology, policy, and strategy needed to secure a more sustainable future for aviation.” 
Hyde rejoins AIA from his previous position as Autonomous Systems Lead of Aviation and Aerospace Projects Lead of Sustainable Aviation at the World Economic Forum, where he drove efforts to advance hydrogen and electric aviation. Before his role at the World Economic Forum, Hyde served as Director of Environmental Policy at AIA. Hyde has a Master’s degree in Business Administration from Johns Hopkins University, as well as a Master’s degree of Science in Global Politics from the University of London. 

[title:]AIA CEO and President Commends Senate FAA Authorization Vote
[date:]February 8, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. (February 8, 2024) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today released the following statement after the Senate Commerce Committee advanced legislation to authorize the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for the next five years. 
“All Americans benefit from the FAA’s critical work, but FAA reauthorization is especially important now, when air travel is surpassing pre-pandemic levels, new and emerging technologies are coming to market, and a newly appointed administrator has taken the helm. This vote demonstrates the strong bipartisan support for maintaining the gold standard of safety, unleashing innovation, and strengthening our position as global leaders in aviation,” Fanning said. “The Aerospace Industries Association is grateful to Chair Cantwell and Ranking Member Cruz for their leadership, and the entire Senate Commerce Committee for their commitment to authorizing the FAA. We look forward to seeing this legislation continue to move through the bicameral process.” 

[title:]AIA Praises House of Representatives for Vote to Protect American Innovation
[date:]January 31, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Jan. 31, 2024) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today commended the House of Representatives for voting overwhelmingly in favor of the Tax Relief for American Families and Workers Act. This bipartisan tax legislation provides a temporary fix to a requirement to amortize research and development (R&D) expenses over five years. 
“On behalf of our more than 320 member companies, the Aerospace Industries Association thanks the House of Representatives for acting to protect American innovation,” Fanning said. “The harmful research and development tax expensing policy stripped businesses of incentives to participate in the important exploration of advanced and emerging capabilities — hindering America’s economic competitiveness. Now we hope to see the Senate act with urgency to bring this bill to the floor and give America’s small and medium-sized business the relief they need.”
Since the amortization requirement went into effect in January 2022, AIA and its members have been advocating for a reprieve. Yesterday, a group of AIA’s small and medium-sized members sent a letter to congressional leadership urging support for the bill to protect “genuine American innovation in areas that affect civil aviation, commercial space, and our national security.” 

[title:]AIA CEO and President Releases Statement on Passage of Continuing Resolution
[date:]January 18, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Jan. 18, 2024) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today released the following statement after Congress sent another short-term government funding bill to the President’s desk:  
“Full-year funding for the federal government – especially for the Department of Defense, Federal Aviation Administration, and NASA – is necessary, but doing so adequately and correctly is just as important,” Fanning said. “We understand that Congress needs more time to hammer out the details of fiscal year 2024 appropriations, and while it’s not the outcome we hoped for nearly four months into the year, we expect this short reprieve will enable Congress to find an acceptable path forward. The industry that powers the aviation economy and secures the country requires full-year federal funding to maintain U.S. global leadership.”
Earlier this month, Fanning sent a letter to congressional leaders urging the passage of adequate full-year appropriations legislation.

[title:]ICYMI: Fanning Pens Op-Ed Urging Funding to Invest in Defense Industrial Base, Outpace Competitors
[date:]January 18, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Jan. 18, 2024) – In case you missed it, Aerospace Industries Association President and CEO Eric Fanning penned an op-ed in Real Clear Politics, urging Congress to fully fund the federal government, including one of the most strategic assets the U.S. retains: the defense industrial base.


“No other country has a defense industrial base with the innovation, infrastructure, and workforce like the United States does: it is a critical deterrent to our enemies. But that leadership did not happen overnight, and it has taken decades of policy and investment to shape the defense industrial base into what it is today: positioned for peacetime,” Fanning writes. “The past two years have given Americans a front row seat to how our defense industry would be put to the test in a time of war. Between the Russian invasion of Ukraine, and a hot conflict in the Middle East, if we were to ask our defense companies to also tackle an escalation in the Indo-Pacific, current federal funding would be insufficient to enable ramping up production quickly.”
In the op-ed, Fanning highlights the top U.S. threat China’s ability to ramp up production capabilities and continually watches the U.S. fail to maintain clear and strong demand signals to the defense industrial base. “Meanwhile China is playing a better long game than we are. They have doubled their defense budget over the last decade alone, making them the second-largest military spender in the world. And while China’s lack of transparency means we do not know exactly how they are spending this money; we do know they are leapfrogging us in technologies like hypersonic missiles and shipbuilding capabilities.
“If Congress wants to counter China’s modernization threat, it needs to restore that trust and invest in America’s defense companies, workforce and supply chain. Congress has always found a path forward on its most basic constitutional duty: funding the federal government. At this pivotal point, we hope they will do so again. To fail to meet this moment and to allow China to gain further traction against us would be a mistake with lasting repercussions,” Fanning finishes.
Read the full op-ed here.

[title:]AIA Statement on National Defense Industrial Strategy
[date:]January 11, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Jan. 11, 2023) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today released the following statement on the Department of Defense’s first-ever National Defense Industrial Strategy:
“The defense industrial base – including Aerospace Industries Association members – is the cornerstone of our National Defense Strategy, so we appreciate the Administration’s focus on strengthening this strategic asset with a formal industrial base policy proposal. The defense industrial base we have today is the result of policy and investment decisions made over many years. Steps to ensure its health and resilience will require a long-term approach rooted in consistency and more clear demand signals.
“The details will be critical, and we will continue to engage with the Department of Defense to ensure both sides fully understand the intent and impact of the recommendations.
“Our shared goal is a faster, more resilient, more cost-effective industrial base, but we also must avoid additional burdens that will drive up costs and drive companies away from working with the Department of Defense. Capacity itself is a capability, and with threats growing on several fronts around the globe, this fact cannot be overstated. The Pentagon’s success in this effort, and the health of the industrial base more broadly, rely on sustained investment that matches the strategy and reflects how industry operates.
“We thank Dr. Taylor-Kale and her team for their hard work and engagement on this topic, and we look forward to working with both the Department of Defense and Congress on its implementation.”

[title:]AIA Supply Chain Companies Urge Congress to Back R&D Tax Relief
[date:]January 31, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Jan. 31, 2024) – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) and 31 small and mid-sized businesses yesterday sent a letter to congressional leadership urging the passage of the Tax Relief for American Families and Workers Act, restoring research and development (R&D) incentives to spur innovation in the aerospace and defense sector. 
“We are the small and medium-sized businesses up and down the supply chain responsible for genuine American innovation in areas that affect civil aviation, commercial space, and our national security. Unfortunately, the requirement to amortize our research and development (R&D) expenses over five years, in effect since January 2022, has already taken a toll on our ability to invest in R&D, affecting our companies and the livelihood of our employees. Some small and medium-sized businesses have laid off up to 40% of their workforce due to the need to amortize expenses,” the letter said.
“Returning the United States to a tax code that drives the development of cutting-edge technologies, incentivizes the creation of good-paying jobs, and supports small businesses is critical to our economic competitiveness and national security. We urge Congress to pass this legislation as soon as possible, enabling businesses like ours to increase private investment in R&D across multiple sectors of our economy,” the letter finished. 
AIA has been the leading voice in the fight to reverse the harmful R&D tax amortization requirement. In December, AIA President and CEO Eric Fanning released a statement calling for the restoration of R&D tax credits. Learn more about how changes to America’s R&D tax expensing requirements affect small businesses here.
Read the full letter below or by clicking here. 

Dear Speaker Johnson, Majority Leader Schumer, Republican Leader McConnell, and Democratic Leader Jeffries:
The undersigned businesses represent the lifeblood of America’s aerospace and defense industry. We are the small and medium-sized businesses up and down the supply chain responsible for genuine American innovation in areas that affect civil aviation, commercial space, and our national security. Unfortunately, the requirement to amortize our research and development (R&D) expenses over five years, in effect since January 2022, has already taken a toll on our ability to invest in R&D, affecting our companies and the livelihood of our employees. Some small and medium-sized businesses have laid off up to 40% of their workforce due to the need to amortize expenses. With a significantly reduced cash flow, our investment in innovation is deteriorating, and we struggle to hire and retain qualified talent.
For these reasons, we fully support The Tax Relief for American Families and Workers Act, particularly the restoration of full-year expensing for R&D expenditures, and request that you bring this legislation to the floor for a vote as soon as possible. We are grateful for the leadership of Senator Ron Wyden and Representative Jason Smith in crafting this framework and prioritizing a temporary retroactive fix to R&D expensing. 
Returning the United States to a tax code that drives the development of cutting-edge technologies, incentivizes the creation of good-paying jobs, and supports small businesses is critical to our economic competitiveness and national security. We urge Congress to pass this legislation as soon as possible, enabling businesses like ours to increase private investment in R&D across multiple sectors of our economy.

[title:]AIA Praises Congressional Action to Protect American Innovation
[date:]January 16, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Jan. 16, 2024) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today praised The Tax Relief for American Families and Workers Act of 2024:
“American innovation is at the root of our economic competitiveness and national security. This framework returns the country to a tax code that drives the development of cutting-edge technologies, creates good-paying jobs, and supports small businesses. The Aerospace Industries Association thanks Sen. Wyden and Rep. Smith for prioritizing this temporary fix for research and development expensing, and we look forward to seeing a congressional vote on this package in the near future.”   

[title:]AIA Releases Statement on Proposed Cybersecurity Rule
[date:]December 26, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Dec. 26, 2023) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today made the following statement on the proposed Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification (CMMC) rule:  
“Burdensome regulation has long been a hurdle, particularly for small and medium-sized businesses that contribute to the defense industrial base. It’s critical for defense companies to have the tools – and the standards – to keep our nation’s sensitive unclassified material secure while not deterring companies from contributing to the defense industrial base,” Fanning said. 
“At a time when significant changes are required to keep a vibrant and efficient defense industrial base, AIA calls on the Department of Defense to correctly identify and define controlled unclassified information, solve the international issue of foreign sovereignty, and lead other federal agencies to coalesce around what it is doing to implement CMMC. We look forward to reviewing the proposed rule and providing full feedback to ensure the Department has what it needs to implement a final rule that accounts for the complexities within the defense industrial base.” 

[title:]AIA CEO and President Sends Letter to Lawmakers Urging Full-Year Appropriations
[date:]January 10, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Jan. 10, 2024) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today sent a letter to congressional leaders, urging them to pass adequate full-year appropriations to address crucial defense and safety mechanisms. In the letter, Fanning calls out the close relationship between the aerospace and defense industry and the U.S. government and lays out the possible consequences of failing to fund the government with full-year appropriations. 
“The success of this partnership depends on predictable and consistent demand signals driven by the annual budget and appropriations process. Unfortunately, with fiscal year 2024 funding still in flux, our industry continues to face the harmful consequences of a broken budget process,” Fanning writes. “If this impasse is not resolved soon, the country could face severe damage to our defense posture and our ability to enhance aviation safety. The uncertainty could also hinder our progress in developing next-generation space technologies and in supporting a growing commercial space industry.
“The current topline agreement would resolve this impasse, provide modest increases to help agencies address urgent priorities and inflationary increases, avoid the worst effects of deep, across-the-board reductions, and allow Congress to turn its attention to the fiscal year 2025 budget, which is due in February,” Fanning concludes. 
Read the full letter here. 

Dear Speaker Johnson, Majority Leader Schumer, Republican Leader McConnell, and Democratic Leader Jeffries:
The more than 320 members of the Aerospace Industries Association and 2.2 million workers employed by the aerospace and defense industry represent not only the best of U.S. innovation, aviation safety, and national security, but also a close partnership with the Department of Defense (DOD), the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), and other federal agencies. The success of this partnership depends on predictable and consistent demand signals driven by the annual budget and appropriations process. Unfortunately, with fiscal year 2024 (FY24) funding still in flux, our industry continues to face the harmful consequences of a broken budget process. If this impasse is not resolved soon, the country could face severe damage to our defense posture and our ability to enhance aviation safety. The uncertainty could also hinder our progress in developing next-generation space technologies and in supporting a growing commercial space industry.
We were heartened by the announcement on January 7, 2024, of an agreement on topline budget numbers for FY24 and a related side agreement on offsets and additional resources for non-defense programs. These agreements are consistent with funding levels previously agreed to in the Fiscal Responsibility Act of 2023. While we look forward to seeing programmatic details in the individual appropriations bills, we believe these toplines are the best that can be achieved this year and will address many of the challenges facing federal agencies.
With current continuing resolutions (CRs) expiring on January 19 and February 2, 2024, it is imperative to keep this process on track and complete the full-year appropriations bills as soon as possible in accord with these agreements. We understand that now the process must move rapidly, but DOD and non-defense agencies will have been operating under continuing resolutions for roughly one-third of the fiscal year by the time the last CR expires. We cannot ask them to shoulder further delays or additional short-term CRs.
There is a lot at stake in this agreement. Should it fail, the likely alternatives would be devastating for our national security and our global competitiveness in aerospace. Here is our analysis of these alternate scenarios and their potential impacts:
Alternate Scenario 1: FY23 with 1 Percent Sequester: Should we reach April 30, 2024, without full-year appropriations for the entire government, the FRA requires the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) to issue a sequestration order limiting agencies to a budget that is 1 percent below FY23 levels. These cuts would be imposed on a line-by-line basis to virtually every federal program, without regard to need, existing contracts, or urgency. Defense spending would be cut $36.5 billion below the new topline agreement. Many programs would be unexecutable until Congress approves a series of reprogramming requests – a process that can take several months and is often problematic. Simply put, DOD would spend the balance of the year renegotiating contracts and replanning its activities around this sudden new reality. This would be devastating to a military already under its recruiting goals and trying to restore readiness lost to past budget cuts. We believe that increasing global threats require a strong U.S. response, and underinvestment in key sectors such as munitions, shipbuilding, and industrial capacity has never been more urgent given today’s world situation. With annual inflation still running near 4 percent and the recent federal pay raise of 5.2 percent, DOD needs the FRA’s modest increase just to maintain today’s buying power.
Likewise, important non-defense programs would be impacted by these automatic cuts. The FAA has been increasing its safety staffing in response to reforms passed by Congress in 2020, and a new report calls for further investment to address runway incursions and other aviation safety concerns. These investments could not be sustained if the agency is funded at less than last year’s level. The last time automatic cuts were imposed on the FAA, air traffic controllers were furloughed and significant flight cancellations and delays occurred that affected tens of thousands of travelers. The U. S. Coast Guard reported that automatic cuts caused them to reduce aircraft and ship operating tempo by 25 percent, undermining their migrant and drug interdiction missions as well as other critical efforts. We cannot let this happen again. 
Alternate Scenario 2: Full-Year Continuing Resolution at FY23 Levels: DOD would face significant challenges under a full-year, “date change” CR. In fact, Congress has never imposed a full-year CR on our military. Such a move would cut DOD $28 billion below its request and force the department to completely absorb abnormally high inflation, the recent pay raise, and increased costs for health care. This would come at the expense of military readiness, family support and modernization. The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff recently advised the Senate that such a move would eliminate $5.8 billion in military personnel funding, impact contracting schedules for ships, aircraft and military construction projects, and prevent the signing of several multiyear contracts designed to save money for American taxpayers. As General Brown says, “We owe our servicemembers the tools they need to be successful.” We simply cannot send a message to our adversaries that we are unable or unwilling to keep pace with their investments.
Our nation’s aerospace and defense workers depend on a reliable partnership with the federal agencies they serve. In turn, those agencies depend on Congress to enact appropriations bills in a timely manner. Unfortunately, up to this point, the FY24 process has been characterized by threats of shutdown, excessive delay, and operations for months under short-term continuing resolutions. The current topline agreement would resolve this impasse, provide modest increases to help agencies address urgent priorities and inflationary increases, avoid the worst effects of deep, across-the-board reductions, and allow Congress to turn its attention to the fiscal year 2025 budget, which is due in February. We urge you to move these bills as quickly as possible under the framework announced on January 7, 2024.
Sincerely,
Eric Fanning
President & CEO
Aerospace Industries Association

[title:]AIA Statement on FAA Authorization Extension
[date:]December 19, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Dec. 19, 2023) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today released the following statement on the Senate’s vote to extend the Federal Aviation Administration’s (FAA) authorization through March 8: 
“Allowing the FAA’s authorization to expire is a non-starter, but an extension through March only delays the inevitable: Congress must reauthorize the FAA to strengthen our global leadership in aviation, maintain the gold standard for safety and certification, and unleash innovation that will fundamentally transform the way Americans travel,” Fanning said.“Safety is the industry’s top priority, and we cannot allow a pattern of short-term extensions to continue. We are grateful to Congress for their work to ensure the FAA will remain open – especially through the busy holiday season – but there is more work to be done. AIA looks forward to working with Congress to complete long-term FAA authorization early next year.”
In November, Fanning sent a letter to congressional leadership urging Congress to pass legislation authorizing the FAA, calling it “critical tool for setting civil aviation on a long-term course to success.” 

[title:]AIA Urges Congress to Find a Path Forward to Fix Anti-Innovation R&D Tax Policy
[date:]December 20, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Dec. 20, 2023) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today released the following statement after the U.S. Congress again failed to address the harmful research and development tax amortization requirement, despite broad bipartisan support for action:
“America stays ahead of our economic and strategic competitors because we lead the world in innovation. For decades, our tax policies encouraged American businesses to invest in the research and development that kept us on the cutting edge, but that has changed — and it’s stifling innovation, hurting salaries for hard-working Americans, and harming American businesses, especially small businesses. There is broad bipartisan support in both the House and the Senate to fix the R&D tax amortization requirement — but Congress must vote on these bills to provide much-needed relief. 
“As Congress goes home for a holiday break, we hope they take time to meet with the small businesses being hurt by their inaction, and we hope they return in January with a renewed commitment to fixing this harmful policy and protecting America’s global leadership in technology and innovation.”
Two pieces of legislation have been introduced: S. 866, the American Innovation and Jobs Act, in the Senate, and H.R. 2673, the American Innovation and R&D Competitiveness Act, in the House. AIA’s President and CEO Eric Fanning hailed H.R. 2673 as a “lifeline to small businesses across the country” in a letter to the bill’s lead sponsors, Reps. Ron Estes (R-Kan.) and John Larson (D-Conn.), and urged swift consideration of the Senate counterpart bill, S. 866, in a letter to the bill’s lead sponsors, Sens. Maggie Hassan (R-N.H.) and Todd Young (R-Ind.). In May, 35 AIA small business members representing the supply chain implored Congress to act immediately on this legislation as well.
Learn more about the need to address the R&D tax challenge and support American innovation here.

[title:]AIA Praises Congress for Passing of NDAA
[date:]December 14, 2023
[content:]Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today commended Congress for passing the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 (FY24 NDAA).  
“In order to support the country’s national security strategy, the U.S. defense industrial base relies on Congress – and the U.S. government as a whole – to be a reliable partner and send clear demand signals,” Fanning said. “This year’s National Defense Authorization Act does just that and expands upon key industry objectives, many for which AIA long advocated. This NDAA bolsters U.S. deterrence capabilities with meaningful policy that strengthens America’s warfighting ability and draws us closer to our allies and partners. Bipartisan commitment to AUKUS, expand national security in space, and build capacity – all while increasing interoperability between industry and the Department of Defense – underscores the United States’ strong investment in our nation’s defense.  
“AIA is grateful to Congress for their strong support for national defense and urges President Biden to sign this bill into law quickly.”  
Last week, AIA touted key industry wins in the NDAA conference report.
[title:]ICYMI: AIA’s Eric Fanning Talks Ukraine Aid with CNBC’s Morgan Brennan
[date:]December 12, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Dec. 12, 2023) – In case you missed it, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning joined CNBC’s Closing Bell Overtime today to speak about President Biden and Ukrainian President Zelenskyy’s joint press conference and the need for supplemental aid in Ukraine’s fight against Russian aggression. 
During the interview, Fanning detailed how industry has met the increased demand stemming from the Russian invasion of Ukraine, as well as multiple threats across the globe. He noted that industry has repeatedly called for Congress and the Department of Defense to provide clear demand signals to the industrial base so it can build the capacity necessary to support short- and long-term national security objectives. Fanning underscored the need to pass a supplemental funding package to invest in that capacity and serve as a deterrent to U.S. adversaries. 
You can watch the full interview here.  


In October, after President Biden submitted the supplemental request to Congress, AIA urged support for the package, saying this “decisive moment” required additional investment. Last week, AIA commended the first-ever joint United States – Ukraine defense industry conference as a step toward strengthening the American industrial base and bolstering the capabilities of our ally.
[title:]AIA President and CEO Praises Next Step in CHIPS and Science Act Implementation
[date:]December 11, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Dec. 11, 2023) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today released a statement after the Biden Administration announced the first federal grant awarded under the CHIPS and Science Act: 
“A strong defense industrial base is essential for national security, and semiconductors are integral to modern military systems, communication networks, and advanced technologies. The CHIPS and Science Act aligns with our commitment to supporting investments that enhance the United States’ technological capabilities and safeguard our national defense. 
“Fostering innovation and domestic manufacturing in this critical sector will not only strengthen our national security but also stimulate economic growth and job creation. AIA looks forward to the next phase of the law’s implementation.”

[title:]AIA Commends U.S.-Ukraine Industry Summit
[date:]December 6, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Dec. 6, 2023) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today released the following statement after participating in the kickoff of the joint United States-Ukraine industry conference, hosted by the Departments of Defense, State, and Commerce:
“American industry is a strategic asset and a crucial element of how the United States supports our allies and partners. Bringing American and Ukrainian industry together in this format can help set the groundwork for building industrial base resilience, sharing knowledge, and improving the co-development of equipment and technologies that will prove decisive on the battlefield. This should be an example moving forward of how the United States and our allies and partners can and should cooperate to respond to global threats, and we hope to see this type of dialogue with industry continue in the future.”

[title:]AIA Welcomes Forward Momentum on FY24 Government Funding as Congress Returns to Washington
[date:]January 8, 2024
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Jan. 8, 2024) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today commended Congress for the forward momentum on FY24 government funding:  
“As we welcome Congress back to Washington, the aerospace and defense industry remains one of the U.S. government’s most important partners,” Fanning said. “Last session, Congress took important steps towards reaching long-term solutions on critical policy and funding priorities, but there is still more work to be done – starting first with funding the government for the balance of the 2024 fiscal year.
“Yesterday’s announcement of a topline budget agreement is positive momentum. Now, Congress must iron out the details to secure adequate year-long funding for the Department of Defense, Federal Aviation Administration, NASA, and other key federal agencies. AIA and our members stand ready to work with both Congress and the Administration to help guarantee a strong national defense and ensure American leadership in aerospace and innovation.”   

[title:]AIA President and CEO Touts AUKUS, Industry Wins in NDAA Conference Report
[date:]December 7, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Dec. 7, 2023) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today commended the Senate and House Armed Services Committees for reaching agreement on a conference report for the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024(FY24 NDAA).
“Recognizing the value of the defense industrial base to America’s national security, this year’s National Defense Authorization Act makes important strides to build capacity, streamline regulations, and enable industry to operate with speed and flexibility,” Fanning said. “The continued bipartisan support for strong investment in national defense sets the country on a better track to meet the needs of rising global tensions, maintain deterrence, and equip our military and our allies and partners to defend the free world.
“The Aerospace Industries Association welcomes key provisions that support our members, including flexibility to address sustained high inflation in government contracts, as well as the bill’s focus on advancing national security in space.
“We also applaud the inclusion of our recommendations that make historic changes to ensure theAUKUS partnership will succeed, including adjustments to the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) and the sale of Virginia-class submarines to Australia,” Fanning continued. “We thank Chairmen Reed and Rogers and Ranking Members Wicker and Smith for their leadership, and we also thank Chairmen Cardin and McCaul and Ranking Members Risch and Meeks for their collaboration. We urge both chambers to pass this legislation swiftly.”
Key provisions in the FY24 NDAA that support the American aerospace and defense industrial base include: 

Sec. 152: Authorizes the National Defense Stockpile to use multi-year procurement for critical materials processed by Defense Production Act (DPA) “domestic sources”;
Sec. 824: Extends the Department of Defense’s (DOD) authority to modify certain contracts based on inflation impact;
Sec. 842: Requires the Secretary of Defense to establish a contested logistics demonstration and prototyping program to identify, develop, demonstrate, and field capabilities for product support to reduce or mitigate the risks associated with operations in a contested logistics environment;
Sec. 1080: Expands the definition of “domestic source” under DPA Title III to include the U.K. and Australia, provided that the U.S. and Canada cannot meet national defense needs;
Sec. 1341: Prioritizes Australia and the United Kingdom in Foreign Military Sales and Direct Commercial Sales;
Sec 1342: Identifies and pre-clears platforms, technologies, and equipment for sale to Australia and the United Kingdom through Foreign Military Sales and Direct Commercial Sales;
Sec. 1343: Establishes AUKUS ITAR exemption;
Sec. 1344: Expedites the review of export licenses for exports of advanced technologies to Australia, the United Kingdom, and Canada;
Sec. 1352: Authorizes the transfer of nuclear-powered conventionally armed submarines to Australia;
Sec. 1601: Promotes the development of new space launch vehicles; and
Sec. 1609: Makes improvements to threat-sharing agreements between satellite operators and the government.


[title:]AIA Statement on AUKUS Forum Announcement
[date:]December 1, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Dec. 1, 2023) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today praised trilateral defense leadership from the United States, United Kingdom, and Australia for committing to ongoing industry-government engagement around the implementation of the AUKUS partnership. U.S. Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin, Deputy Prime Minister of Australia and Minister for Defence Richard Marles, and U.K. Secretary of State for Defence Grant Shapps announced a series of AUKUS Advanced Capabilities Industry Forums that strengthen industry-government collaboration to rapidly deliver capabilities to the warfighters. It comes as geopolitical tensions, particularly in the Indo-Pacific, continue to rise, underscoring the importance of continued cooperation with U.S. allies and partners. 
“The Aerospace Industries Association thanks Secretary Austin, Minister Marles, and Secretary Shapps for bringing industry to the table to advance the AUKUS partnership,” Fanning said. “Industry-government collaboration is vital to the success of AUKUS, which is why AIA has called for ongoing engagement as the partnership is implemented. We appreciate this now becoming reality in the upcoming AUKUS Advanced Capabilities Industry Forums. We look forward to convening key government stakeholders and exploring how our countries’ industrial bases can strengthen the AUKUS partnership amid an ever-changing geopolitical environment.”
In March, AIA called on the U.S., U.K., and Australia to establish the AUKUS Industry Forum. AIA, and joined with its counterparts ADS, the U.K. trade association for aerospace, defense, security and space, and the Australian Industry Group (Ai Group), to call for a series of steps to be taken to reduce trade, regulatory, and bureaucratic barriers that could hinder the AUKUS partnership.
 
[title:]AIA Announces Executive Committee Appointments For 2024
[date:]December 4, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Dec. 4, 2023) – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) has elected Theodore “Ted” Colbert III, Executive Vice President at The Boeing Company and President and CEO of Boeing Defense, Space & Security, to serve as Chair of the Board of Governors for 2024. Christopher E. Kubasik, Chair and Chief Executive Officer of L3Harris Technologies, will serve as Vice Chair. Eric Fanning has been reelected as AIA President and Chief Executive Officer.
“The Aerospace Industries Association has served as an essential voice in the aerospace and defense industry since its foundation,” said Colbert. “I am excited to step into this new role as Chair and look forward to seizing all opportunities to position our industry for continued leadership, innovation, and growth.”
“The U.S. aerospace and defense industry remains a beacon of American ingenuity and leadership,” said Eric Fanning, AIA’s President and CEO. “With Ted at the forefront, AIA will continue advocating for policy and robust investments needed to ensure continued success that drives progress, security, and prosperity for our nation. Ted follows in the footsteps of Tom Gentile, who has been an incredible asset to our mission.” 
AIA represents more than 320 manufacturers and suppliers across every sector and tier of the aerospace and defense industry. Together, these world-class and high-technology companies support more than 2.2 million jobs across the United States. In 2022, the American A&D industry generated over $952 billion in total sales — up 6.7 percent over 2021 levels.
Direct involvement of CEO-level officers from the country’s major aerospace and defense companies helps guide and shape the policy goals for AIA and the entire industry. The association is led by a Board of Governors that meets twice a year and an Executive Committee that meets more frequently. AIA’s Chairman, Vice Chairman, as well as the President and Chief Executive Officer, all serve on the Executive Committee. 
The members of the AIA Executive Committee for 2024 are:
Tom Arseneault, BAE Systems
Thomas Bell, Leidos Corporation 
Kathleen Boyle, Verify, Inc. 
Theodore “Ted” Colbert III, The Boeing Company 
Jim Currier, Honeywell Aerospace 
Scott C. Donnelly, Textron Inc.
Eric Fanning, Aerospace Industries Association ​
Amy Gowder, GE Aerospace​
Gregory Hayes, RTX
Vern Heyer, LAI International ​(Associate Member Representative)
John Holmes, AAR CORP
Mike Kahn, CAES
Christopher D. Kastner, HII 
Christopher E. Kubasik, L3Harris Technologies
Mark Lee, Aero-Mark, LLC​
Ronald Lopez, Astroscale U.S.
Eric Mendelson, HEICO Corporation (Ex Officio)
Rick Nagel, Acorn Growth Companies
Phebe Novakovic, General Dynamics Corporation 
Fatih Ozmen, Sierra Nevada Corporation  
Patrick M. Shanahan, Spirit AeroSystems
Anne Shybunko-Moore, GSE Dynamics
Kathy Warden, Northrop Grumman Corporation 

[title:]AIA Statement on Critical Vote for 2024 National Defense Authorization Act
[date:]November 15, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Nov. 15, 2023) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today praised both chambers for voting to go to conference on the Fiscal Year 2024 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA).
“On behalf of aerospace and defense companies across the United States, we are grateful for progress from both the House and Senate in advancing the National Defense Authorization Act into conference,” AIA President and CEO Eric Fanning said. “We thank Speaker Johnson, Majority Leader Schumer, Minority Leader McConnell, and Minority Leader Jeffries for prioritizing supporting our defense industrial base, our troops, and our national security. As the conferees debate this year’s national defense funding, we encourage them to remember the defense industrial base’s crucial role as a key partner with the U.S. military for protecting our competitive advantage and supporting our allies and partners around the world. We look forward to the passage of this critical legislation.” 

[title:]AIA Urges Action on Supplemental Funding to Support the Defense Industrial Base
[date:]November 29, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Nov. 29, 2023) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today released the following statement urging Congress to approve supplemental funding to support the defense industrial base: 
“Enacting supplemental funding for Ukraine, Israel, and other security efforts must be one of Congress’ top priorities between now and the end of the year,” Fanning said. “Not only is this supplemental critical to our national security goals and those of our allies and partners in the short term, but it also critically provides foundational investments to shore up the U.S. defense industrial base in the long run. These investments will build our capacity and enable the production of more and better capabilities that will help deter, or if necessary, win, future conflicts.
“The current state of the defense industrial base was shaped by years of policy and investment, and this supplemental won’t fix things overnight,” Fanning continued. “But it will demonstrate our commitment to global and national security, both now and in the future, and will put the country on stronger footing in the face of growing global threats.”

[title:]AIA CEO Calls on Congress to Reauthorize FAA
[date:]November 30, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Nov. 30, 2023) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning yesterday sent a letter to congressional leadership urging Congress pass legislation reauthorizing the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), calling it a “critical took for setting civil aviation on a long-term course to success.”
“The aviation industry is critical to the country’s economic prosperity. Throughout the history of flight, the United States has led the way in aviation safety and innovation, thanks in part due to the ingenuity of American industry, but also in part due to appropriately tailored policies and regulations provided via the FAA reauthorization bill,” Fanning writes. “Today, not only are we maintaining our role as the gold standard for safety and certification, but the industry is also on the cusp of incredible technological advancements that will change the way Americans travel. Enacting FAA reauthorization this year is critical to advancing America’s leadership in aerospace and unlocking this potential.”
In the letter, Fanning calls on Congress to broaden the FAA’s current Workforce Development Grant Program to aviation manufacturing. “This is vital as our industry seeks to attract the next generation of talent for high-paying, highly skilled jobs,” Fanning continues. “To further strengthen our global leadership in aviation, FAA reauthorization legislation will improve enforcement of bilateral aviation safety agreements, ensuring we can continue to compete on the world stage.”
Fanning concludes by pointing out the bipartisan benefits of FAA reauthorization and “to the traveling public, the aviation industry, and to our economy generally” and urges lawmakers to act swiftly.
Read the full letter below or by clicking here.

Dear Speaker Johnson, Majority Leader Schumer, Republican Leader McConnell, and Democratic Leader Jeffries:
The Aerospace Industries Association’s nearly 330 member companies — from America’s leading manufacturers of commercial aircraft, engines, avionics, and air traffic control systems to family-owned businesses comprising our supply chain — applaud the leadership of the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee and the Senate Commerce, Science, and Transportation Committee for their years-long work in developing bipartisan Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) reauthorization legislation that will help move the aviation industry forward. We are grateful for the House-passed Securing Growth and Robust Leadership in American Aviation Act and hope that the Senate will soon pass its own version of this legislation before current aviation tax authorities expire on December 31, 2023. Reauthorization of the FAA is Congress’ critical tool for setting civil aviation on a long-term course to success. Improved regulatory and safety processes, a stronger workforce pipeline, and restored global leadership at the FAA — all key tenets of this year’s reauthorization legislation — should not be held up any longer.
The aviation industry is critical to the country’s economic prosperity. In 2022 alone, our industry generated $418 billion in economic value, representing 1.6 percent of total gross domestic product (GDP) in the U.S.[1] Throughout the history of flight, the United States has led the way in aviation safety and innovation, thanks in part due to the ingenuity of American industry, but also in part due to appropriately tailored policies and regulations provided via the FAA reauthorization bill. Today, not only are we maintaining our role as the gold standard for safety and certification, but the industry is also on the cusp of incredible technological advancements that will change the way Americans travel. Enacting FAA reauthorization this year is critical to advancing America’s leadership in aerospace and unlocking this potential.
On November 15, 2023, the FAA’s National Airspace Safety Review Team released a report stating that Congress’ stop-and-start process of funding and authorization activity “has slowed down the implementation of key technology modernization programs” amongst other challenges.[2] Both the House and Senate legislation include key provisions to understand how technologies like model-based systems engineering will enhance safety in the certification process. Both bills would also ensure that the Advanced Air Mobility industry can work with the FAA to make that new sector of aviation a reality by ensuring proper oversight of the Powered-Lift Special Federal Aviation Regulation.
The aviation workforce pipeline would also be strengthened by broadening the FAA’s current Workforce Development Grant Program to aviation manufacturing. This is vital as our industry seeks to attract the next generation of talent for high-paying, highly skilled jobs. To further strengthen our global leadership in aviation, FAA reauthorization legislation will improve enforcement of bilateral aviation safety agreements, ensuring we can continue to compete on the world stage. Now that the FAA has a confirmed Administrator in place, we believe it is vitally important to give him these new tools and authorities without further delay, to make our aviation system safer and more competitive.
These provisions represent only a snapshot of the bipartisan benefits both the House and Senate FAA reauthorization bills will bring to the traveling public, the aviation industry, and to our economy generally. I urge you to make this bill a priority so that it can be enacted by the end of this year.
Sincerely,
Eric Fanning
President & CEO
Aerospace Industries Association
[title:]AIA Statement on Passage of Second Continuing Resolution for Fiscal Year 2024
[date:]November 15, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Nov. 15, 2023) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today commented on congressional action to extend government funding beyond November 17:
“Stopgap funding does not mean success, but it is better than a shutdown,” Fanning said. “Neither option should be how America governs. The standard must be passing a budget and appropriating the requisite resources. There is no more powerful signal to our citizens, allies, and adversaries alike than our elected officials reaching consensus on a full year of funding.”
Earlier this week, Fanning urged congressional leaders to remain “laser-focused on fulfilling their constitutional duty” and noted that the negative impacts of the current continuing resolution were already being felt across the American aerospace and defense industry. In September, AIA sent a letter to congressional leadership urging Congress to “put the economic well-being and security of this country first” by preventing a government shutdown. Fanning also appeared on CNBC to discuss how shutdowns and continuing resolutions uniquely impact the aerospace and defense industry.

[title:]AIA Weighs In On Government Funding Debate
[date:]November 13, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Nov. 13, 2023) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today commented on ongoing congressional efforts to fund the federal government:
“We are already a month and a half past the real fiscal year deadline. The impact of this current CR is already being felt, and another CR will increase the consequences. It is better than a shutdown, which is immediate and acute,” Fanning said. “With growing global instability, increasing demands being placed on the industrial base, and economic headwinds complicating both, our leaders should be laser-focused on fulfilling their constitutional duty to fund the government, and we look forward to continuing to work with Congress to achieve this goal.”
In September, AIA sent a letter to congressional leadership urging Congress to “put the economic well-being and security of this country first” by preventing a government shutdown. Fanning also appeared on CNBC to discuss how shutdowns and continuing resolutions uniquely impact the aerospace and defense industry.

[title:]AIA Urges Congress to Support Supplemental Funding Request for Defense Industrial Base
[date:]October 31, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (October 31, 2023) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today released the following statement after Secretary of State Tony Blinken and Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin testified before the Senate Appropriations Committee on the Administration’s national security supplemental request:
“Industry’s role is to support the U.S. government’s national security strategy, and today we heard Secretaries Austin and Blinken make the case before the Senate Appropriations Committee about what their strategy is when it comes to Ukraine, Israel, and the Indo-Pacific. It’s clear they intend the defense industrial base to play a significant part in this effort. 
“We are at a decisive moment for our country broadly, and our industry in particular. The Administration’s supplemental request would provide a much-needed injection to build capacity, refill our stockpiles, and strengthen deterrence. But stable, predictable funding over the long term is even more important to ensure that industry can meet this moment. AIA urges Congress to commit to a defense topline that matches resources to strategy and supports the defense industrial base as a strategic asset.”

[title:]AIA Presents “Wright Stuff Award” to Tom Gentile
[date:]November 6, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Nov. 6, 2023) – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) last week presented Chair of AIA’s Board of Governors Tom Gentile with the “Wright Stuff Award” to honor his contributions to the American aerospace and defense industry.
“Tom Gentile has long been a vocal advocate in our industry, promoting the strategy, policy, and investments needed to maintain American leadership in aerospace and defense,” said AIA President and CEO Eric Fanning. “During his time as Chair here at AIA, Tom has been an incredible asset to our mission and has proven to possess the ‘The Wright Stuff’ that is the hallmark of innovation in American industry and what makes us the best in the world.”
“AIA has been the voice of our industry for over 100 years, and it has been an honor to lead this organization at such an exciting time,” said Tom Gentile, Chair of AIA’s Board of Governors. “As we continue to work together to position our industry for ongoing success, I thank AIA for their partnership.”


As Chair of AIA, Tom Gentile championed U.S. aerospace and defense industry’s contributions to the American economy and national security and worked to ensure the industry’s ongoing economic competitiveness.  Gentile has advocated for implementing policies that will pave the way for new technologies and greater sustainability, incentivizing critical research and development (R&D), and passing essential legislation, such as the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) reauthorization. Among his achievements as Chair, in May, Gentile penned an op-ed in Aviation Week outlining how the U.S. government can support continued American leadership in innovation.
Created in 2020, “The Wright Stuff Award” is named after the inspiring Wright brothers whose ideas and inventions ushered in the age of flight, and in turn, transformed the world. The award recognizes an individual for paving “the way to what’s next” by making major and measurable contributions to the aerospace and defense industry. Previous recipients include Sen. Jerry Moran (R-Kansas), former Sens. Jim Inhofe (R-Okla.), Patrick Leahy (D-Ver.), and Richard Shelby (R-Ala.), and former Rep. Mac Thornberry (R-Texas).

[title:]AIA Statement on Artificial Intelligence Executive Order
[date:]October 30, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (October 30, 2023) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today released the following statement on the Biden Administration’s new Executive Order regarding artificial intelligence (AI):
“The Aerospace Industries Association welcomes the Biden Administration’s focus on artificial intelligence and is closely assessing its new Executive Order,” Fanning said. “AI is a game-changer, and the United States must cement its role as the leader and standard-setter for this technology – especially when it comes to data, people, and hardware. 
“In particular, we appreciate the Administration’s goal of developing a National Security Memorandum, which we hope to see address the very real national security implications of this technology but not stifle innovation. We look forward to being a partner with the government as this Executive Order is implemented.”
In September, Fanning was one of 22 experts who testified at the first-ever Senate AI Insight Forum, led by Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.). At the same time, AIA released initial recommendations to support a more competitive regulatory and trade environment for emerging technologies such as AI.

[title:]AIA Small Businesses Urge Congress to Alleviate Crushing Inflation
[date:]October 30, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (October 30, 2023) – Thirty-one members of the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) last week sent a letter urging Congress to address inflation, which is hammering aerospace and defense small businesses and suppliers. In the letter, AIA’s members wrote that the most important step for Congress to take is to fully fund the government through full-year appropriations, not continuing resolutions. 
“As you know, inflation is a national challenge affecting businesses across the country. Costs for manufacturing inputs remain persistently high – in some cases, the prices of parts and materials are 100 to 200 percent over normal levels,” the letter reads. “Inflation is also creating delivery delays, driving up costs even further. Small businesses are being particularly hard hit by rising costs and associated uncertainty.”
The letter highlights the unique challenges for companies within the defense industrial base, which is facing growing demand. “Our industry will not be able to produce the number of items the Pentagon needs if inflation is not addressed and will unfortunately cause more small businesses to leave the defense industrial base,” the letter continues. “Businesses cannot assume all of the financial risk — so they choose not to bid for contracts, fixed-price or otherwise, at all.
“Completing full-year appropriations must be Congress’ top priority now,” the letter closes.
Read the full letter below or by clicking here. 

Earlier this year, AIA sent a letter urging Congress to avoid a government shutdown and called for an end to continuing resolutions. 
October 26, 2023
Dear Speaker Johnson, Majority Leader Schumer, Republican Leader McConnell, and Democratic Leader Jeffries:
We write with deep concern regarding a significantly harmful, but unfortunately relentless issue: inflation. The negative economic impact from inflation continues to be a top concern for the more than 320 aerospace and defense (A&D) companies represented by the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA), and nowhere is this felt more acutely than within the small businesses undersigned below. Suppliers like us employ nearly 60 percent of the overall A&D workforce and contribute to nearly half of industry sales. Our workforce, productivity, cash flow, and other business operations acutely feel the burden of inflationary pressures. Right now, Congress’ most important step in addressing inflation is fully funding the government as soon as possible.
As you know, inflation is a national challenge affecting businesses across the country. Costs for manufacturing inputs remain persistently high – in some cases, the prices of parts and materials are 100 to 200 percent over normal levels. The burden does not stop here. Inflation is also creating delivery delays, driving up costs even further. Small businesses are being particularly hard hit by rising costs and associated uncertainty. For example, one of AIA’s small business members shared that the lead time for some materials has increased threefold, transportation delays and costs are so significant that they have had to buy their own vans to deliver products, and salaries for skilled workers have jumped by as much as 40 percent. Because these levels of inflation are so unprecedented, small businesses did not have an opportunity to budget for these kinds of costs, and right now, the only certainty they have is that their costs will continue to rise. At the end of the day, these costs are placed back on the customer — which is, in many cases for AIA members, the U.S. government.
Defense sector supply chain businesses on the front lines of protecting the country face this challenge daily. Their businesses make everything from the parts in fighter jets to aircraft carriers. Our industry will not be able to produce the number of items the Pentagon needs if inflation is not addressed and will unfortunately cause more small businesses to leave the defense industrial base. Businesses cannot assume all of the financial risk — so they choose not to bid for contracts, fixed-price or otherwise, at all.
Completing full-year appropriations must be Congress’ top priority now. Continuing resolutions extend outdated funding levels that do not address inflationary growth, and a shutdown is even more harmful to businesses in the aerospace and defense supply chain. As Congress looks to fund the federal government for the full 2024 fiscal year, we strongly support the additional funds provided in the Senate Defense Appropriations bill to address inflation and urge you to include this as part of any final appropriations legislation. 
We appreciate your attention to this pressing issue and look forward to working with you to find a path forward soon.
[title:]AIA Launches New Scholarship Program with Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University
[date:]October 25, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) today announced a new partnership with Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University to launch a scholarship program — totaling up to $55,000 annually — aimed to empower the next generation of aerospace leaders. The partnership will provide scholarships for up to 15 students who are alumni of AIA’s signature STEM initiative, the American Rocketry Challenge (ARC), and are accepted and enrolled at one of Embry-Riddle’s three campuses — in Daytona Beach, Florida; Prescott, Arizona; or online, through the Worldwide Campus.
“At the Aerospace Industries Association, we are constantly inspired by the ingenuity of our rocketry challenge students and know they will have a significant footprint on the future of our industry,” said Eric Fanning, AIA’s President and CEO. “This collaboration with Embry-Riddle, one of the world’s premier engineering institutions, will propel our alumni to exciting new heights in aerospace and defense and harness their passion and talent to support our future workforce. We thank Embry-Riddle for their dedication to the next generation of aerospace leaders.” 
Embry-Riddle President P. Barry Butler, Ph.D., lauded AIA for its commitment to furthering aerospace higher education. “It is an honor to partner with industry leader AIA on a scholarship program that will boost young innovators and help to build the aerospace and defense workforce of the future,” Butler said. “The hands-on learning opportunity provided by the American Rocketry Challenge not only draws students to STEM fields but enhances their academic success.”
For 21 years, AIA’s American Rocketry Challenge has served as the world’s largest rocket contest, with nearly 5,000 students nationwide competing each year. The contest gives middle and high school students the opportunity to design, build and launch model rockets, and hands-on experience solving engineering problems. 
Embry-Riddle will award up to 15 annual merit scholarships (up to five scholarships at each campus). Scholarship recipients must be active members of an AIA ARC team at any high school or home school in the country, meet regular academic requirements for admission and maintain requirements for scholarship retention.

About the Aerospace Industries Association
For over 100 years, the American aerospace and defense (A&D) industry has shaped the world around us. From the first flight to the moon landing, the impact of A&D is immeasurable — and the next great aerospace achievement is on the horizon. With more than 2.1 million shared employees and generating $391 billion in economic value, we are critical to the health of the U.S. economy and serve as a seamless, fundamental part of daily life. Now more than ever, it’s vital that our collective industry has a strong voice speaking on its behalf. 
The Aerospace Industries Association has been that voice since 1919. Our work as an advocate and leader is essential to shaping policy, shedding light on the industry’s impact, and fortifying its future. Together with our more than 320 member companies, our advocacy influences: effective federal investments; accelerated deployment of innovative technologies; policies that enhance our global competitiveness; and recruitment and retention efforts that support a capable and diverse 21st century workforce.
About Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University
Reporters worldwide contact Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University for content experts in all aspects of aviation, aviation business, aerospace, engineering and STEM-related fields. Our faculty experts specialize in unmanned and autonomous systems, security and intelligence, air traffic and airport management, astronomy, human factors psychology, meteorology, spaceflight operations, urban air mobility and much more. Visit the Embry-Riddle Newsroom for story ideas.
Embry-Riddle educates 31,000+ students at its residential campuses in Daytona Beach, Florida and Prescott, Arizona, at approximately 110 Worldwide Campus locations and through online degree programs. In 2023, U.S. News & World Report named Embry-Riddle Worldwide the nation’s No. 2 provider of online bachelor’s degree programs. The university has ranked either No. 1 or No. 2 in this category every year since 2016. Embry-Riddle’s Aerospace Engineering program ranks No. 4 in the nation, and the university has been ranked Best for Veterans.
[title:]AIA Statement on FAA Administrator Senate Confirmation Vote
[date:]October 24, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Oct. 24, 2023) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today praised the Senate for confirming Michael Whitaker as the new Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) administrator.  
“On behalf of over 320 aerospace and defense companies around the nation, AIA congratulates Michael Whitaker on his confirmation. It’s important that the FAA has its full leadership in place,” said Fanning. “We are grateful for Majority Leader Schumer and Minority Leader McConnell’s action and to the Biden Administration on this nomination, and we look forward to working with Administrator Whitaker to continue the United States’ legacy of safety and innovation in aviation.”
 
[title:]AIA Statement on Government Funding Vote
[date:]September 30, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Sept. 30, 2023) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today made the following statement after Congress passed a continuing resolution that funds the federal government until November 17:
“The Aerospace Industries Association is relieved that Congress has acted to prevent a harmful and unnecessary government shutdown. While a continuing resolution doesn’t provide the certainty the defense industrial base needs, it is far preferable to shutting down the government.
 “We also appreciate the inclusion of a short-term extension of authorizations for the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), which will avoid additional stress on the FAA’s workforce and operations. 
“We thank Congress for doing their job, but their work is far from over. AIA will continue to work closely with policymakers to ensure final legislation adequately funds key national security, aviation, and space exploration programs, provides critical support for Ukraine, and addresses record inflation.”

[title:]Transformation Leader Joins AIA as Vice President of Engineering and Technology
[date:]September 27, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va.– The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA), the leading voice for the American aerospace and defense industry, today announced that Tim White, a highly experienced leader of technology-focused transformations, has joined AIA as Vice President of Engineering and Technology.  
“As cutting-edge advancements in technology continue to transform American aerospace and defense in new and unprecedented ways, the Aerospace Industries Association is leading the way to ensure U.S. industry and government are equipped to seize the opportunities ahead of us,” said Eric Fanning, AIA’s President and CEO. “With the ever-changing nature of the industry, Tim’s extensive background in innovative technologies up and down the supply chain will amplify AIA’s commitment to providing strategic direction to both our members and government stakeholders, preserving global competitiveness, and maintaining U.S. leadership in innovation.” 
White joins AIA from his previous position as the Aerospace & Defense Industry Principal at Interos. In this role, he was responsible for assisting clients to implement cutting edge technology solutions to mitigate risk. White has also served in engineering, operations, supply chain, and quality leadership roles with Raytheon, Honeywell, and Bechtel. White holds a B.S. and M.S. in Mechanical Engineering and an MBA from Brigham Young University as well as a Ph.D. in Systems Engineering from the George Washington University.
[title:]ICYMI: AIA’s Eric Fanning Talks Government Shutdown with CNBC’s Morgan Brennen
[date:]September 30, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Sept. 30, 2023) – In case you missed it, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning joined CNBC’s Closing Bell yesterday to speak about the looming government shutdown and the far-reaching effects on the aerospace and defense (A&D) industry.  
From commercial air travel risks to the threats to national security, Fanning discussed the disruptive nature of a shutdown and the real consequences of repeated continuing resolutions. He advocated for the 2.2 million Americans that work in A&D and warned how instability only emboldens U.S. adversaries. You can watch the full interview here. 


Earlier this week, AIA also sent a letter to congressional leadership urging the passage of appropriations legislation to avoid a government shutdown. AIA has repeatedly called for funding challenges to be addressed through appropriations legislation to provide stability to U.S. industry partners.  

[title:]AIA Urges Congress to Prevent a Government Shutdown
[date:]September 26, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Eric Fanning, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO, today sent a letter to congressional leadership urging Congress to “put the economic well-being and security of this country first” by preventing a government shutdown.   
“American businesses are already feeling the squeeze of a perfect storm of economic challenges, including record sustained inflation and the harmful research and development tax amortization requirement,” Fanning writes. “Lurching from continuing resolution to continuing resolution, as Congress has done nearly 50 times over the last 12 years, has created an environment of instability and unpredictability for businesses that work with the U.S. government. A shutdown now would only exacerbate the cash crunch facing American businesses. 
In the letter, Fanning outlines the effects a shutdown would have on the American aerospace and defense industry. “While shutdowns create myriad challenges for the American people, there are none more consequential than the risk to national security and safety of the American people,” Fanning continues. “If we are unable to hire and keep our most talented workforce, we will lose our ability to out-innovate and out-perform our adversaries. While federal employees will return to work and likely receive pay for lost wages following the reopening of the government, contractors are not afforded the same. Instead, we are forced to turn internally and cut costs through hiring freezes, increasing the cost of products, layoffs and furloughs, or a combination to avoid significant economic impact. 
The effects go beyond the Department of Defense. “The FAA can only truly do its job when everyone is working,” Fanning also writes. “Beyond that, FAA certification processes would halt, causing backlog in an already understaffed agency. Additionally, the understaffing issue would only be further exacerbated by the effects of a shutdown by pausing all air traffic controller training.” 
Fanning concludes by imploring Congress to “consider how a shutdown will harm American families and the businesses that employ them” and pass appropriations legislation swiftly. 
Read the full letter below or by clicking here. 

Dear Leader Schumer, Republican Leader McConnell, Speaker McCarthy, and Democratic Leader Jefferies:  
As the September 30 deadline to fund the government quickly approaches, I write on behalf of the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) and our member companies that employ over 2.2 million hardworking Americans to urge Congress to avoid a government shutdown. The effects of a government shutdown are far-reaching, creating instability for both the American economy and our national security — but they are also avoidable. Congress must work together to put the economic well-being and security of this country first and pass legislation to fund the federal government.  
The American aerospace and defense industry has displayed unparalleled resilience in the face of a global pandemic, soaring inflation, and economic and geopolitical instability. Despite the challenges, we continue to be a key partner to the U.S. government in providing highly advanced technology to our military and NASA and transporting millions of Americans safely around the world every year. However, our continued resilience relies on the support and investment of the U.S. government, which is often our member companies’ only customer.   
American businesses are already feeling the squeeze of a perfect storm of economic challenges, including record sustained inflation and the harmful research and development tax amortization requirement. Lurching from continuing resolution to continuing resolution, as Congress has done over 120 times in the last decade, has created an environment of instability and unpredictability for businesses that work with the U.S. government. A shutdown now would only exacerbate the cash crunch facing American businesses. The five-week partial shutdown in 2018 and 2019 cost the U.S. economy around $3 billion, according to the Congressional Budget Office.   
Facing this uncertainty, businesses would lose the ability to recruit and retain top talent. If we are unable to hire and keep our most talented workforce, we will lose our ability to out-innovate and out-perform our adversaries. While federal employees will return to work and likely receive pay for lost wages following the reopening of the government, contractors are not afforded the same. Instead, we are forced to turn internally and cut costs through hiring freezes, increasing the cost of products, layoffs and furloughs, or a combination to avoid significant economic impact. However, our industry must maintain combat-readiness, so, unlike the government, we are unable to truly shutdown. The work must continue, just with the uncertainty of their work being compensated fairly.  
While shutdowns create myriad challenges for the American people, there are none more consequential than the risk to national security and safety of the American people. The U.S. and our allies and partners rely on the technology our members develop, manufacture, and sell every day to remain safe and out of harm’s way. Any new start programs slated to begin in fiscal year 2024 will be on hold until appropriations are passed. This delays technology development and procurement and holds industry back from supporting national security, and ultimately, it reduces the Pentagon’s buying power. The shutdown will also delay critical national security space launches, which according to the Air Force, would expose warfighters to “massive risk” and cause ripple-down effects that could last for years.   
The effects go beyond the Department of Defense. While most employees at the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) are deemed essential workers, the FAA can only truly do its job when everyone is working. Beyond that, FAA certification processes would halt, causing backlog in an already understaffed agency. Additionally, the understaffing issue would only be further exacerbated by the effects of a shutdown by pausing all air traffic controller training.   
With these impacts and many others in mind, we urge Members of Congress to consider how a shutdown will harm American families and the businesses that employ them. We strongly urge the swift passage of appropriations legislation to keep Americans safe, ease economic uncertainty within the American workforce, and avoid undue stress on the American economy and national security.  
Sincerely,   
Eric Fanning
[title:]Six Key Takeaways from this Week’s Hearing on Burdensome Emissions Standard
[date:]September 21, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. – In case you missed it, yesterday, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning testified before the House Science, Space, and Technology’s Subcommittee on Investigations and Oversight hearing entitled “A Bar Too High: Concerns with CEQ’s Proposed Regulatory Hurdle for Federal Contracting.” The hearing focused on a proposed rule (FAR case 2021-015) requiring federal contractors to disclose greenhouse emissions throughout their complex supply chains and meet standards according to guidelines set by a foreign-run body. 
Here are the six key takeaways from the hearing.  

Watch Fanning’s opening statement and find his written testimony here.

All four witnesses agreed that ceding U.S. decision-making authority over emissions standards to an international body like the Standards-Based Technology initiative (SBTi) is problematic and jeopardizes U.S. leadership in sustainability. 

“…This rule opens the door for foreign influence over U.S. government procurement,” Fanning said. “SBTi…is led by foreign nationals and has no accountability to the U.S. government. The organization is designed to create transparency around greenhouse gas emissions, but has no transparency of its own,”   
“The proposed rule taps into other international NGOs to solicit information regarding companies’ environmental impacts and targets. If a contractor does not provide this information or if SBTi does not approve their targets, then the contractor would be ruled ineligible for federal contracts. In other words, it gives an international body the authority to determine which American companies can and can’t do business with the U.S. government, including our military.  
“It is an unnecessary and unacceptable risk for the U.S. government to divest this authority.” 

Requiring aerospace and defense companies to report on Scope 3 emissions is not executable and poses serious national security challenges. 

“The difference in this rule from what’s taken place already is the addition of Scope 3 reporting requirements,” Fanning said. “For an industry like aerospace and defense that builds platforms, lasts for decades, and has a global supply chain and a global market, being able to get accurate information to aggregate into that report seems inexecutable. 
“When you add in the national security component, because if you are talking about federal contractors and aerospace and defense, the Department of Defense, is the biggest customer. We are not even sure if they would offer that information, nor would we want them to for national security reasons. Part of the rule, if you read through all of it and carry it out, is that it is meant then to be transparent and shared publicly, so all our adversaries would have access to it as well.” 

The proposed rule threatens national security by requiring the public disclosure of sensitive information on military systems to foreign nationals. 

“Congress should be particularly concerned about the national security implications of the rule,” Fanning said. “If the Pentagon provides a total estimate of emissions, will the military then be bound to operate within those parameters, regardless of the threats we encounter? Will disclosing this information publicly provide sensitive information, including data about new-generation platforms and use scenarios, to our adversaries?” 

The proposed rule will result in unintended effects up and down the aerospace and defense supply chain — as nearly all Department of Defense contractors will be required to undertake burdensome, complicated reporting on Scope 3 emissions.  

“The issue for aerospace and defense is not knowing what the requirements will be; not understanding what this organization, SBTi, is thinking in terms of aerospace in defense, sector guidance, of how they are going to define what it is they want you to report and how to set these goals and achieve these goals. Most of the companies in aerospace and defense are already trying to do that now because of market demand. In fact, all of the major companies in aerospace and defense are defined by the rule, $50 million or more in government contracts, are disclosing some financial climate risk already,” Fanning said.  
“For us, the bigger issue with this rule is Scope 3. It does sweep up the industrial base, the supply chain. The big defense companies have thousands of companies in their supply chain, so it would go far beyond the number of companies defined in the analysis of the rule and requires us to understand how the end-user is going to use the product, which is most of what falls into Scope 3 when you’re in an industry building things that are meant to last for 30 years.” 

Shrinking of the defense industrial base will only be further exacerbated by the additional costs and burdens associated with the rule. 

“Right now, the Pentagon and the defense community are concerned about the shrinking size of the defense industrial base. Companies, especially small and mid-sized companies, just cannot afford the costs of doing business with the U.S. government,” Fanning said. “This rule will become yet another market barrier for these smaller companies, which may turn to commercial work instead. A diverse defense industrial base is critical to our military meeting its growing mission set — and this rule would jeopardize that, even as a land war continues in Europe and the threat of conflict in the Indo-Pacific grows.”  

American aerospace and defense companies are committed to sustainability and reducing carbon emissions —but this rule won’t help them achieve those goals. 

“U.S. aviation manufacturers pledged to achieve net-zero carbon emissions by 2050. Today, manufacturers are building more efficient planes and more sustainable propulsion, they are also minimizing the impact of the manufacturing process and advancing the use of sustainable aviation fuels. Our companies are working daily to reduce their environmental footprint — not just because it’s the right thing to do, but because the market, and our customers, demand it,” Fanning said. “We strive to work closely with the federal government to achieve these goals. But the proposed FAR greenhouse gas emissions rule, while well-intended, is not executable for the American aerospace and defense industry.” 
AIA supports appropriate disclosure of climate-related information, including greenhouse gas and climate-related financial risks, in accordance with the Executive Order on Climate-Related Financial Risk (EO 14030). In May 2023, AIA called on the Office of Management to block a proposal (FAR Case 2021-015) that would require certain federal contractors to disclose greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions throughout their complex supply chains. This request followed AIA’s formal comments filed in response to the proposed rule, submitted in February 2023. Learn more about AIA’s commitment to net-zero carbon emissions by 2050 here. 
Click here to read Fanning’s full remarks.  

[title:]AIA Provides Industry Perspective on Space Critical Infrastructure Designation
[date:]September 19, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Eric Fanning, President and CEO of the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA), yesterday sent a letter to Jake Sullivan, National Security Advisor, urging the National Security Council (NSC) to more specifically assess how designating “space” as critical infrastructure would affect space systems and the space industry. 
The NSC is currently evaluating the nation’s critical infrastructure under Presidential Policy Directive 21 (PPD-21): Critical Infrastructure Security and Resilience to determine if any changes should be made to the current list of 16 sectors classified as such. The letter requests that, in the course of this review, the NSC conduct a more focused cost-benefit analysis to understand the impacts of such a designation on specific space capabilities. A more focused analysis will better assess whether a change in designation will bring additional government regulation, constrain resources, and affect growth and development, especially for small businesses. 
The letter recommends that space not be considered as an independent “sector” when analyzing the critical infrastructure designation. “For purposes of the critical infrastructure designation discussion, space should be considered a domain, like the ocean or airspace, rather than a sector,” Fanning writes. “…Many space-based capabilities and their enabling infrastructure are already considered within critical infrastructure sectors… Rather, the analysis should focus on specific space-based or space-enabled capabilities — for example, position, navigation, and timing capabilities.
“The U.S. space industry has a vested interest in the work you are undertaking — not only because it applies to the security of our own systems but also because we share your goal of strengthening national security and protecting the American way of life,” Fanning continues. “AIA looks forward to continuing to engage with you, the entire NSC, and the Administration more broadly before PPD-21 is finalized to ensure we take the correct approach to the security of U.S. space systems.”
Read the full letter below or by clicking here.

Dear Mr. Sullivan,
As the National Security Council (NSC) evaluates the nation’s critical infrastructure under Presidential Policy Directive 21 (PPD-21): Critical Infrastructure Security and Resilience, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) commends the Administration for considering the evolving threat landscape and taking steps to protect the infrastructure that enables so much of everyday life, from aviation to telecommunications to the defense industrial base. We understand one such consideration is to add “space” to the current list of 16 sectors classified as critical infrastructure, a concept that has also been put forth by Congress in proposed legislation. As the NSC discusses this important topic, AIA, which represents more than 320 of the nation’s leading suppliers, designers, manufacturers, launch providers, and operators of commercial, civil, and national security satellites and space vehicles, urges you to consider the perspective of the U.S. space industry and apply the following principles to your analysis:
“Space” should not be considered a “sector” when analyzing the critical infrastructure designation. For purposes of the critical infrastructure designation discussion, space should be considered a domain, like the ocean or airspace, rather than a sector. This is because many space-based capabilities and their enabling infrastructure are already considered within critical infrastructure sectors, such as the critical manufacturing, communications, defense industrial base, government infrastructure, and transportation systems sectors. This overlap makes it difficult to perform or discuss specific costs and benefits of a change in designation. Rather, the analysis should focus on specific space-based or space-enabled capabilities — for example, position, navigation, and timing capabilities. This focus will allow for a more specific cost-benefit analysis around the following questions:

Is the capability already considered “critical infrastructure?” 
If not, what is the cost and benefit of making that designation?
If so, is there a cost and/or benefit to reorganizing that capability in some other fashion in the critical infrastructure framework (e.g., should a specific capability be considered under a different existing sector or a new sector)?

Any cost-benefit analysis must recognize that a critical infrastructure designation is not accompanied by additional federal funding and presents a significant resource risk to federal departments and the space industry. Any resources required to meet the requirements of a critical infrastructure designation, included any additional expertise, staffing, and requirements development, are funded out of the regular appropriations process of the impacted federal department or agency. There is no cross-government fund, grant program, working capital fund, mandatory appropriation, or other source of resources that accompanies a critical infrastructure designation. As future government resources are increasingly constrained, this presents a significant risk to space agencies to meet new requirements and to industry if resource-constrained agencies seek to pass new costs to users.
Any cost-benefit analysis must recognize a critical infrastructure designation opens the door to additional regulation and requirements of space industry activity. A critical infrastructure designation is the first step in providing relevant federal departments authority to further regulate the designated activity. For example, if the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) were deemed in charge of managing spaceports as critical infrastructure, FAA would be responsible for issuing any implementing regulations. FAA would consider whether it had existing regulatory authority to move forward with those regulations and do so, or would seek that authority from Congress in order to do so. Critical infrastructure designations could come with additional requirements for industry operating in that sector — and likely without any additional federal funding. These requirements could adversely affect industry growth and development and could have a disproportionate impact on small businesses.
The U.S. space industry has a vested interest in the work you are undertaking — not only because it applies to the security of our own systems but also because we share your goal of strengthening national security and protecting the American way of life. AIA looks forward to continuing to engage with you, the entire NSC, and the Administration more broadly before PPD-21 is finalized to ensure we take the correct approach to the security of U.S. space systems. 
Sincerely,
Eric Fanning
President & CEO
Aerospace Industries Association

[title:]AIA Praises AUKUS Bills from House Foreign Affairs Committee
[date:]July 27, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (July 26, 2023) – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning yesterday sent a letter to the bipartisan leadership of the House Foreign Affairs Committee commending their legislation to enable the Australia-United Kingdom-United States (AUKUS) trilateral security pact. Writing to committee chairman Rep. Michael McCaul (R-Texas) and ranking member Gregory Meeks (D-N.Y.), Fanning praised four pieces of legislation that were marked up by the committee today: the Oversight and Accountability (AOA) Act of 2023, the AUKUS Submarine Transfer Authorization Act of 2023, the Keeping our Allies Leading in Advancement (KOALA) Act of 2023, and Bilateral Resilience in Industry Trade Security (BRITS) Act of 2023.
The bills “contain critical enabling authorities that collectively implement AUKUS,” Fanning writes. “These bills include key reforms that AIA members strongly support, including establishing a Department of State Senior Advisor for AUKUS; expanding authorities in the Arms Export Control Act of 1976 by implementing streamlined export license reviews for defense articles and services; and authorizing the sale of Virginia-class submarines to Australia. Comprehensively, these groundbreaking bills support the broader relationship between the U.S., the U.K., and Australia.
“The benefits for the U.S. defense industrial base derived from this legislation are simply unmatched and will be reflected in our national security, our economy, and our armed services for decades to come,” the letter continues.
In March 2023, AIA joined with its counterparts in Australia and the U.K., the Australian Industry Group and ADS, to release a joint paper outlining steps to reduce the trade, regulatory, and bureaucratic barriers that could hinder the historic partnership. AIA also released specific recommendations targeting the U.S. regulatory framework to support international trade, collaboration, and integration between the three countries. In May 2023, AIA also issued a letter of support for the Senate’s Truncating Onerous Regulations for Partners and Enhancing Deterrence Operations (TORPEDO) Act of 2023, which also aims to reduce trade, regulatory, and bureaucratic barriers that may hinder AUKUS.
Read the full letter below or by clicking here.

Dear Chairman McCaul and Ranking Member Meeks:
On behalf of the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) and our more than 320 American aerospace and defense (A&D) companies, thank you for your leadership on the Australia – United Kingdom – United States (AUKUS) partnership. This historic arrangement is a generational opportunity for all three nations and represents one of the best examples of manufacturing and technology industrial cooperation that strengthens global security and the American defense industrial base. 
The introduction of several pieces of legislation this month, including the Oversight and Accountability (AOA) Act of 2023, the AUKUS Submarine Transfer Authorization Act of 2023, the Keeping our Allies Leading in Advancement (KOALA) Act of 2023, and Bilateral Resilience in Industry Trade Security (BRITS) Act of 2023 contain critical enabling authorities that collectively implement AUKUS. This legislation authorizes the sale of Virginia-class submarines to Australia and reduces regulatory barriers that may hinder this historic security partnership. Moreover, the legislation strengthens the United States’ (U.S.) longstanding bilateral relationship with the United Kingdom (U.K.) and Australia respectively.
While the AUKUS partnership is widely supported by the American A&D industry, operational success depends on reducing barriers to cooperation. This requires a modern defense trade system with clearly defined standards that allows industry and foreign partners to jointly plan, produce, and acquire strategic and advanced capabilities. As the manufacturers, exporters, and implementers of the AUKUS Pillars, the U.S. A&D industry will play an integral role as Australia, the U.K., and the U.S. take this historic partnership from concept to reality. Our industry remains steadfast in providing feedback and supporting policies to promote and advance U.S. national security objectives that maximize speed, innovation, and technological advancement — all of which are essential for the success of AUKUS. 
These bills include key reforms that AIA members strongly support, including establishing a Department of State Senior Advisor for AUKUS; expanding authorities in the Arms Export Control Act of 1976 by implementing streamlined export license reviews for defense articles and services; and authorizing the sale of Virginia-class submarines to Australia. Comprehensively, these groundbreaking bills support the broader relationship between the U.S., the U.K., and Australia. The foreign military sales and direct commercial sales exemptions specific to each partner under the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) in the BRITS Act and KOALA Act are imperative to the operational success of the AUKUS partnership. Further, by permitting additional expedited innovation on future technologies that is not limited to cooperation under the existing AUKUS capability framework, this legislation will strengthen our global leadership while addressing the overarching challenges of deterrence, strategic competition, and supply chain resiliency. We believe there is, and continue to encourage, bipartisan support for these policies.
The benefits for the U.S. defense industrial base derived from this legislation are simply unmatched and will be reflected in our national security, our economy, and our armed services for decades to come. Therefore, we urge the House Foreign Affairs Committee to affirmatively mark up the AOA Act, AUKUS Submarine Transfer Authorization Act, KOALA Act, and BRITS Act as soon as possible and bring these bills to the House floor for a vote in short order. 
Our organization and member companies look forward to working with you all on a comprehensive bipartisan, bicameral approach to this crucial national security issue. 
Respectfully, 
Eric Fanning
President and CEO
Aerospace Industries Association
CC:
The Honorable Bill Huizenga, House Foreign Affairs Committee
The Honorable Young Kim, House Foreign Affairs Committee
The Honorable Tom Kean, Jr. House Foreign Affairs Committee

[title:]AIA Applauds House Passage of Federal Aviation Administration Reauthorization Bill
[date:]July 20, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (July 20, 2023) – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today commended the U.S. House of Representatives for overwhelmingly voting to pass the Securing Growth and Robust Leadership in American Aviation Act (H.R. 3935), the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) reauthorization bill.
“As the bill title suggests, the House-passed, five-year Federal Aviation Administration reauthorization sets American aviation on a path toward future success in developing new technologies, strengthening our world-class aviation workforce, and ensuring U.S. aviation safety remains the gold standard,” Fanning said. “The Aerospace Industries Association applauds the strong, bipartisan support for the bill’s progress on many of our members’ priorities, and we thank Chairman Sam Graves, Ranking Member Rick Larsen, Chairman Garret Graves and Ranking Member Steve Cohen for their continued support for American leadership in aviation manufacturing. We urge the Senate to follow suit to ensure a timely FAA reauthorization this year.”

[title:]AIA Statement on House Federal Aviation Administration Funding Bill
[date:]July 19, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (July 18, 2023) – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today commented on the House Appropriations Committee mark of the Fiscal Year 2024 Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies appropriations bill, which funds the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) among other federal programs. The measure was approved by the committee this evening:
“As the House makes progress on the FAA reauthorization bill, it’s encouraging to see forward momentum on annual funding for the FAA as well. Strong policy to modernize the FAA and keep America on the cutting edge of aviation safety and technology must be matched by sufficient, targeted investment,” Fanning said.
“The Aerospace Industries Association appreciates the House Appropriations Committee’s work — and the leadership of Chairwoman Granger, Ranking Member DeLauro, Subcommittee Chairman Cole, and Subcommittee Ranking Member Quigley — to ensure the FAA remains the global gold standard for aviation, but we have significant concerns about cuts made to critical programs that will maintain U. S. leadership in sustainability, including the Continuous Lower Emissions, Energy and Noise (CLEEN) program and the Aviation Sustainability Center of Excellence (ASCENT). As this legislation continues through the process, we will advocate to maintain adequate funding for these vital and longstanding programs.”

[title:]AIA Statement on Markup of Defense Appropriations Legislation
[date:]June 22, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (June 22, 2023) – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today commended the House Appropriations Committee, led by Representatives Kay Granger (R-Texas) and Rosa DeLauro (D-Conn.), for advancing the Fiscal Year 2024 Defense appropriations legislation.
“On-time funding for national security is imperative, and the House Appropriations Committee, led by Rep. Granger and Rep. DeLauro, acted quickly to advance this year’s defense appropriations bill. As we heard from congressional members here at the Paris Air Show, there is strong, bipartisan, bicameral support for providing the resources needed to deter global threats, strengthen the national security innovation base, and replenish U.S. stocks used to bolster Ukraine. We will continue to work with Congress to ensure that government funding levels match the challenges the country, and the aerospace and defense industry, face.”

[title:]Aerospace Industries Association Applauds Progress on NDAA
[date:]June 23, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (June 23, 2023) – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today commended the Senate Armed Services Committee, led by Chair Jack Reed (D-R.I.) and Ranking Member Roger Wicker (R-M.S.), and the House Armed Services Committee, led by Chair Mike Rogers (R-AL) and Ranking Member Adam Smith (D-Wash), for advancing the FY2024 National Defense Authorization Act.   “The Aerospace Industries Association welcomes the forward momentum on the National Defense Authorization Act — a critical next step toward completing both authorizing and appropriating bills by end of the fiscal year,” Fanning said. “We commend Senators Reed and Wicker and Representatives Rogers and Smith for their leadership and commitment to giving our troops the resources, authorities, and equipment they need to defend the country. We urge both chambers to swiftly take up and pass this legislation.”  

[title:]AIA Calls on Congress to Prevent a Shutdown
[date:]September 20, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Eric Fanning, President and CEO of the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA), today released the following statement on congressional efforts to fund the federal government for the 2024 fiscal year:
“On behalf of aerospace and defense companies across the United States, which collectively employ over 2.2 million Americans, we call on Congress to act now to fund the federal government. Both the House and the Senate must make meaningful progress on appropriations legislation, especially for the Department of Defense, as well as the Federal Aviation Administration and NASA. These national security, innovation, and aviation safety programs are essential to protecting the future of our country and our industry. 
“We thank the appropriators for their hard work so far, and look forward to a realistic, commonsense path forward to prevent a shutdown.”

[title:]AIA Announces Strategic Addition to Civil Aviation Division
[date:]July 11, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (July 11, 2023) – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA), the leading voice for the American aerospace and defense industry, today announced the hiring of Chad Kirk as Senior Director of Civil Aviation.
“As new, innovative technologies continue to shape the aerospace industry, Chad’s breadth of experience will be an asset to AIA and our member companies looking to chart a new course for the future,” said Eric Fanning, AIA’s President and CEO. “His hiring reinforces our commitment to staying on the cutting edge of safety, efficiency, and sustainability in aviation, and we welcome him on board.”
Kirk joins AIA after working at Airspace Link, where he was the Head of Government and Policy Affairs. In this position, Kirk served as a focal point for all policy and regulatory matters. Kirk also previously served as the Head of Policy at the Reliable Robotics Corporation and, over his combined 15 years of federal service, held multiple positions in the FAA, where he served as a subject matter expert regarding Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) safety and integration. He is a veteran of the Marine Corps with extensive service-driven leadership experience in strategic policy, project and program management, uncrewed aircraft systems, and interagency coordination. Kirk holds a master’s degree in Defense and Strategic Studies from the U.S. Naval War College. 

[title:]Congressional Delegations Join AIA to Tout Best-in-Class American A&D Capabilities at 54th International Paris Air Show
[date:]June 20, 2023
[content:]Paris, France (June 20, 2023) – The members of the largest ever Senate and House Congressional Delegations (CODEL) to the International Paris Air Show joined Aerospace Industries Association President and CEO Eric Fanning to kick off the 54th iteration of the show by highlighting the importance of the U.S. aerospace and defense industry to global stability, security, and economic prosperity.
“The strength of the U.S. aerospace and defense industry’s partnership with Congress is on full display here today at the Paris Air Show — alongside some of the best, most innovative aircraft in the world,” Fanning said. “The largest congressional delegation ever to the Paris Air Show underscores our industry’s value to America’s economic prosperity and national security, and the Aerospace Industries Association is proud to stand alongside them to celebrate all that American industry has to offer to the world.”
Participants from the Senate CODEL included: Sen. Jeanne Shaheen (D-N.H.), a senior member of the Senate Armed Services and Foreign Relations Committee; Sen. Jerry Moran (R-Kan.); Sen. Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.); Sen. Gary Peters (D-Mich.); Sen. Catherine Cortez Masto (D-Nev.); Sen. Markwayne Mullin (R-Okla.); and Sen. Katie Britt (R-Ala.).
“I’m proud to co-lead the bipartisan congressional delegation to the Paris Air Show to underscore the common ground that Democrats and Republicans share when it comes to bolstering our country’s defense and safeguarding our national security,” said Sen. Shaheen, a senior member of the Senate Armed Services and Foreign Relations Committees. “This visit has provided us the opportunity to support America’s defense and aerospace industry and to meet with U.S. and foreign government leaders to address our global security challenges, including support for the industrial base and global supply chain. As we face significant threats to our national security from foreign adversaries, it’s crucial that we invest in our industrial base to build tomorrow’s force today.”
“Kansas has a rich history of aviation and manufacturing, linked with a culture that thrives on innovation. Over the past several years, we have brought new business to our state and expanded opportunities for the companies that currently call Kansas home,” said Sen. Moran. “As we build on these successes, I look forward to sharing our state and nation’s capabilities in aerospace and defense at this year’s forum. I am also pleased to co-lead a bipartisan group of senators with Sen. Shaheen to the aviation and defense forum and to meet with government and business leaders from around the world. At a time when China poses significant threats to democratic countries around the world and Russia is waging an unjust war against Ukraine, it is imperative to show that Americans are united with our partners to bolster our national security and to promote a secure and economically vibrant world.”


Participants from the House CODEL included: Rep. Sam Graves (R-Mo.), Chairman of the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee; Rep. Rick Larsen (D-Wash.), Ranking Member of the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee; Rep. Stephen Cohen (D-Tenn.; Rep. Ron Estes (R-Kan.); Rep. Garret Graves (R-La.); Rep. Darrell Issa (R-Calif.); Rep. Hank Johnson (D-Ga.); Rep. Thomas Kean (R-N.J.); Rep. Troy Nehls (R-Texas); Rep. Dale Strong (R-Ala.); Rep. Dina Titus (D-Nev.); and Rep. Rudy Yakym (R-Ind.).
“Strengthening America’s leadership in aviation is vital to our economy and our national security, and it’s important to our allies and partners around the world,” said Rep. Sam Graves. “When American aviation succeeds, the global aviation network succeeds. I am proud to represent U.S. transportation leaders, and proud of our bipartisan work in Congress to ensure that America continues to lead the world in aerospace safety, innovation, and manufacturing.” 
“This visit to the Air Show offers an opportunity to learn more about the innovation and progress being made throughout the global industry and to discuss continued American leadership in safety, sustainability, and emerging technology,” Ranking Member Larsen said. “Back home, the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee I help lead has just passed a landmark aviation bill that will help us maintain our leadership and build a cleaner, greener, safer and more accessible and innovative aviation system for the traveling public.”  
To view a recording of the Senate press conference, please click here. To view a recording of the House press conference, please click here.

[title:]AIA Applauds House Ways & Means Committee for Reversing Course on Harmful R&D Tax Change
[date:]June 14, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (June 14, 2023) – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today issued the following statement on the House Ways and Means Committee markup including a reversal of the harmful research and development (R&D) tax change. 
“AIA applauds the House Committee on Ways and Means for recognizing the important role the tax code plays in incentivizing the private sector, and particularly the aerospace and defense industry, to do what it always does best—research and develop the next generation of technologies to keep the warfighter and everyday Americans safe and maintain our global economic competitiveness. We urge Congress to take up this critical legislation to restore the full tax deductibility of R&D expenses, protect American jobs, and spur the innovation needed to ensure America’s future competitiveness.”

[title:]AIA Statement on Foreign Military Sales Tiger Team Recommendations
[date:]June 13, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (June 13, 2023) – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today issued the following statement on the release of recommendationsfrom the Department of Defense (DoD) Foreign Military Sales (FMS) Tiger Team.
“Today’s announcement from the Department of Defense Foreign Military Sales (FMS) Tiger Team is an important step in the modernization of the foreign military sales system. Now the work of immediate implementation begins — and industry is ready to get started today. We will work with the Department of Defense, as well as all defense trade stakeholders in the federal government, Congress, and partners and allies, to create actionable results now, as well as to continue the dialogue about how to speed up the process. Time is of the essence, especially as global threats continue to evolve.”
Late last year, AIA, the National Defense Industrial Association (NDIA), and the Professional Services Council (PSC) were solicited by the Tiger Team to provide industry recommendations for modernizing the FMS program: “FMS Modernization: U.S. Industry Feedback to the Department of Defense Foreign Military Sales (FMS) Tiger Team.” Earlier this month, AIA, NDIA, and PSC released a second set of recommendations targeted at the Department of State’s role in defense trade,“Volume II: Defense Trade Modernization.”

[title:]New Recommendations to Strengthen Global Supply Chain, Secure Industry Access to Critical Minerals
[date:]June 14, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (June 14, 2023) – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) today released two new documents providing recommendations to strengthen the aerospace and defense global supply chain and secure U.S. access to critical minerals on which the industry relies: its first-ever global supply chain agenda and a new white paper providing a comprehensive list of critical minerals vital to the aerospace and defense industry and specific recommendations to secure that supply chain.
AIA’s latest reports come as U.S. policymakers consider new legislation, policies, and regulations to address vulnerabilities in the global supply chain across all industries.
“U.S. global leadership in aerospace and defense hinges on a secure and resilient supply chain — particularly for the critical minerals used in the production of cutting-edge aircraft technology,” said Eric Fanning, AIA’s President and CEO. “The aerospace and defense industry’s unique landscape and diverse needs must be prioritized as the country works to strengthen our global supply chains and securing access to key critical minerals. A diverse supply chain is vital to maintaining our competitive advantage and combating growing global threats.” 
Recent global events, including the conflict in Ukraine, growing tensions in the Indo-Pacific, and the COVID-19 pandemic, have highlighted serious and longstanding challenges in the supply chain — the effects of which are reverberating throughout industry and beyond. AIA’s recommendations take a comprehensive approach across industry, government, academia, and other key stakeholders to address these challenges, support and strengthen domestic production and competitiveness, and where possible, invest in allies and partners to build flexible and secure supply chains. 
These recommendations include: 

Encouraging regular U.S. government reviews of compliance and regulatory burdens, in consultation with U.S. industry; 
Expanding the U.S. government workforce’s understanding of the unique supply chain challenges facing the aerospace and defense industry; 
Enabling U.S. investment in allied and partner industrial base capacity — in particular, mining of critical minerals and rare earth elements;
Addressing the regulatory and compliance demands for qualifying new suppliers — which is currently a costly and lengthy process; 
Developing bipartisan support in Congress for these initiatives, including for enduring budget stability; and 
Increasing U.S. government engagement with the aerospace and defense industry across the board. 

Click here to read the agenda.
Accompanying this agenda is a new white paper in which AIA identified at least 12 critical minerals that are strategically significant to the aerospace and defense industry. Of those, the United States has a net import reliance of over 50 percent on all but two of those minerals. Current U.S. capacity to produce these minerals is limited, and it can take companies up to 10 years to transition and certify new suppliers. 
AIA recommends a “comprehensive approach” to address dependencies and secure the U.S. critical mineral supply chain, including through: 

Revitalizing the National Defense Stockpile in line with the $1 billion authorized in the Fiscal Year 2023 National Defense Authorization Act;
Issuing guidance related to Section 45x(c)(6) of the Inflation Reduction Act, which provides a 10 percent production tax credit on applicable critical minerals; 
Investing in infrastructure to enhance domestic production capacity for the identified minerals; 
Pursuing permitting reform; 
Incentivizing metals recycling; and
Removing barriers to trade with critical allies and partners. 

Click here to read the full report.
These materials follow the release of three other sets of recommendations designed to enhance the United States’ cooperation with allies and partners, including: recommendations to the Department of Defense’s Tiger Team on Foreign Military Sales (FMS); recommendations to the Department of State for additional defense trade modernization; and recommendations to reinforce the trilateral U.S.-United Kingdom-Australia security pact.  

[title:]AIA Releases 2023 Facts & Figures Data Highlighting A&D Industry’s Return to Pre-Pandemic Levels
[date:]September 13, 2023
[content:]The Aerospace Industries Association in collaboration with S&P Global Market Intelligence today released “Facts & Figures,” a glimpse into the state of the aerospace and defense (A&D) industry and its contribution to the U.S. economy. Informed by 2022 data, key findings in this study measure contributions made by the A&D industry in terms of workforce, sales, labor income, and taxes. 
“This year’s ‘Facts and Figures’ illustrates the American aerospace and defense industry’s vital role in driving our economy and ensuring our national security and is evidence that the industry has returned to pre-pandemic levels of employment and economic contributions,” said Eric Fanning AIA’s President and CEO. “As our industry continues to evolve, this data lays out challenges, opportunities, and advancements related to the aerospace and defense workforce, value, and potential.” 


The workforce remains the backbone of the A&D industry, powering its many contributions to the U.S. economy, innovation, and national security. After dipping in 2020 and 2021 due to the pandemic, employment rose beyond 2019 levels to a total workforce of 2.2 million in 2022 — the highest level since AIA began tracking this data. A&D jobs can be found in every state and represent approximately 1.47 percent of the nation’s total employment base, holding steady with respect to the industry share before the pandemic.  
The supply chain, including small- and mid-sized businesses, drives the majority — nearly 58 percent — of industry employment. Fifty-seven percent of employment comes from the commercial aerospace sector, while defense and national security employment makes up the remaining 43 percent. These jobs are highly skilled and good-paying, with an average salary of $108,900, about 55 percent above the national average. 


The industry’s global leadership of aircraft and aerospace products also surged in 2022. Last year, the American A&D industry generated over $952 billion in total sales — up 6.7 percent over 2021 levels. Of this, $537 billion was generated through direct industry output and $415 billion was generated through indirect output, demonstrating the value of the domestic A&D supply chain. In total, the industry generated $418 billion in economic value, or 1.65 percent of total nominal GDP for the United States. This level is up nearly 7 percent above 2021.  


Trade statistics further underscore the message that the world wants to buy what the American A&D industry is selling. In 2022, A&D exports rose by 4.4 percent to a total of $104.8 billion. The leading destinations for U.S. A&D exports in 2022 were Canada, France, Germany, the United Kingdom, and Brazil. A&D imports declined to $27.5 billion, with top countries of origin including France, Canada, the United Kingdom, and Japan. 
Bolstered by the return to pre-pandemic levels of air travel, 2022 was also marked by strong, bipartisan support for increased defense investment in the United States and abroad, which helps the shared A&D supply chain. At the same time, macroeconomic pressures such as inflation and ongoing supply chain delays are driving up costs and creating workforce challenges. Investments in supply chain management will help maintain stability during challenging times, ensuring continuity in production and job security. 
Find more information on Facts and Figures, including graphic resources, here. 
Facts and Figures Data, collected for the 2022 calendar year: 

The U.S A&D industry had more than 2.2 million in the workforce.  
Jobs supported by the A&D industry represent approximately 1.47 percent of the nation’s total employment base. 
Nearly 58 percent of employment comes from the shared supply chain. 
Across the four subsectors of the A&D industry, aeronautics/aircraft is the largest employer, directly supporting approximately 602,000 jobs in 2022. The land and sea systems subsector supports about 155,000 workers; the space subsector, about 82,000; and the cyber subsector, around 94,000. 
The average labor income per job within the A&D industry amounted to just over $108,900, or approximately 55 percent above the national average, reflecting the highly skilled nature of the workforce. 
Industry sales revenues climbed 6.7 percent from 2021, totaling $952 billion. 
Of this, $537 billion was generated through direct industry output, and $415 billion was generated through indirect, supply chain output. 
Every million dollars in end-use sales supports four employees across end-use manufacturing and the supply chain. 
The A&D industry generated $418 billion in economic value — 1.65 percent of total nominal Gross Domestic Product (GDP) in the United States; this is nearly 7 percent higher than 2021. 
Industry exports rose 4.4 percent in 2022 to a total value of $104.8 billion. 
The U.S. A&D industry exported to 213 countries in 2022, up from 205 to 2021. 
The total trade balance for U.S. A&D exports and imports is +$77.3 billion. 


[title:]AIA Releases Comprehensive Industry Feedback on AUKUS and Defense Trade Legislation
[date:]September 6, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Sept. 6, 2023) – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) today released comprehensive feedback to proposed legislation on the Australia – United Kingdom – United States (AUKUS) partnership and related defense trade provisions. AIA’s Statement of Industry Consensus discusses industry perspectives on five pieces of legislation currently pending before the U.S. Congress: S. 2226, the Senate National Defense Authorization Act; H.R. 4725, the AUKUS Oversight and Accountability (AOA) Act of 2023; H.R. 4619, the AUKUS Submarine Transfer Authorization Act of 2023; H.R. 4716, the Keeping our Allies Leading in Advancement (KOALA) Act of 2023; and H.R. 4715, the Bilateral Resilience in Industry Trade Security (BRITS) Act of 2023.
“AUKUS has the potential to be a game-changing partnership that shapes security in the Indo-Pacific for generations to come. Legislation, policy, and regulation must all work together to enable the hallmarks of the agreement: collaboration, innovation, and technology sharing,” said Eric Fanning, AIA’s President and CEO. “The Aerospace Industries Association welcomes the proposed legislation moving through Congress and is offering its expert assessment on how AUKUS will be implemented because of these changes. We share the goal of overcoming existing barriers by building a clean, simple, and uncomplicated framework to unleash the potential of AUKUS.” 
AIA is largely supportive of congressional intent and proposed action to address U.S. export and defense trade policies that will enable AUKUS to succeed. The historic security pact relies heavily on industry in the United States as well as in Australia and the U.K. to fulfill its tenets. 
This feedback builds on earlier recommendations released by AIA and its industry counterparts in Australia (Ai Group) and the UK (ADS) for how the three countries could improve the regulatory and trade environment for the partnership. AIA also released its own United States-specific recommendations.
Click here to read the full document.

[title:]AIA Shares ‘September To-Do List’ with Congressional Leaders Ahead of September Session
[date:]September 7, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (September 7, 2023) – As Congress returns to session following the August district work period, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning sent a letterto congressional leadership requesting swift action on critical legislation to avoid a government shutdown, support national security, address inflation, reverse a harmful research and development (R&D) tax code provision, and reauthorize the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA). 
“With just 11 joint legislative days in September before the end of the fiscal year, we know passing all 12 regular appropriations bills is among your top priorities. This is a priority AIA and our members share. U.S. companies that do business with the Department of Defense (DoD) in particular, along with key federal agencies like the FAA and NASA, rely on timely, sufficient, responsible government funding. Our businesses — and our country — cannot flourish under the unpredictable funding nature of a long-term continuing resolution or worse, a shutdown,” writes Eric Fanning, President and CEO of the Aerospace Industries Association.
The letter also calls on Congress to address inflation in funding bills. “Any appropriations legislation advanced this year must follow in the lead of the Senate Appropriations Committee’s Fiscal Year 2024 Defense bill that addresses the very real challenges posed by inflation, especially its impacts on the defense industrial base. AIA member surveys continue to show that inflation ranks as a top concern. Costs for manufacturing inputs remain persistently high, impacting workforce and operations,” Fanning continues.
In addition, the letter urges Congress to act swiftly on two pieces of “must-pass legislation,” the FAA reauthorization bill and the National Defense Authorization Act, as well as to consider legislation (S.866 and H.R. 2673) that would address a recent tax change requiring the amortization of research and development expenditures over five years.
Read the full letter below or by clicking here.

Dear Speaker McCarthy, Majority Leader Schumer, Republican Leader McConnell, and Democratic Leader Jeffries:
The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) represents more than 320 of the leading aerospace and defense manufacturing companies in the United States. These companies provide high-paying jobs to thousands of your constituents throughout the country, contribute billions to the American economy, and are responsible for the innovations that will bring us back to the moon, strengthen the warfighter, and continue to make commercial air travel safe, efficient, and sustainable.
Upon Congress’ return from the August recess, we look forward to working with you to advance priority legislation that will benefit not only the aerospace and defense industry, but also the entire country. This includes funding the federal government, passing a five-year Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) reauthorization and the FY24 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), and reversing a tax code provision that is harming U.S. innovators.
With just 11 joint legislative days in September before the end of the fiscal year, we know passing all 12 regular appropriations bills is among your top priorities. This is a priority AIA and our members share. U.S. companies that do business with the Department of Defense (DoD) in particular, along with key federal agencies like the FAA and NASA, rely on timely, sufficient, responsible government funding. Our businesses — and our country — cannot flourish under the unpredictable funding nature of a long-term continuing resolution or worse, a shutdown. Any appropriations legislation advanced this year must follow in the lead of the Senate Appropriations Committee’s Fiscal Year 2024 Defense bill that addresses the very real challenges posed by inflation, especially its impacts on the defense industrial base. AIA member surveys continue to show that inflation ranks as a top concern. Costs for manufacturing inputs remain persistently high, impacting workforce and operations. In many cases, parts and materials costs are skyrocketing to 100 to 200 percent over normal levels. This adds to delivery delay and, ultimately, increases the costs to the customer — who is, in many cases, the federal government.
In addition, both the FAA reauthorization and NDAA are must-pass pieces of legislation. Now more than ever, the FAA must remain the gold standard of safety and innovation on the world stage as new civil aviation and commercial space technologies enter the marketplace and outdated processes and systems hinder efficient air travel. Similarly, the DoD, American servicemembers, and the defense industrial base that supports them depend on the authorities authorized in the NDAA each year. We are eager to support Congress as you continue the 62-year streak of passing this vital bill — at the very latest by the end of the calendar year.
Lastly, restoring the immediate deductibility of research and development (R&D) expenses is a commonsense solution to supporting America’s innovators — in particular, small businesses, which are being forced to choose between paying salaries or halting R&D into the next generation of often lifesaving technologies. This is particularly important for the businesses, large and small, in the defense industrial base that rely on this tax deduction to generate cutting-edge technology that not only protects the warfighter but also gives our military a competitive advantage over our adversaries. While China doubles down on their R&D tax incentives, we encourage Congress to act to bolster American innovation and global competitiveness.
AIA remains Congress’ partner in these efforts. Please let us know how we can support you with this busy, but critical, agenda.
Respectfully,
Eric Fanning
President & CEO
Aerospace Industries Association

[title:]AIA Urges Administration to Fill FAA Administrator Role
[date:]September 5, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Sept. 5, 2023) – Eric Fanning, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO, today released the following statement encouraging President Joe Biden to nominate a qualified candidate to serve as administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA): 
“The Federal Aviation Administration has been without permanent leadership for over 500 days — to the detriment of the flying public, American equipment manufacturers and suppliers including the Aerospace Industries Association’s more than 320 member companies, and America’s global leadership in aviation. While the acting role has been filled with capable individuals, there is no substitute for Senate-confirmed leadership to lead this critical safety agency, accelerate key modernization efforts, and oversee the integration of new and innovative technologies.
“As the Senate returns from August work period, we urge President Biden to prioritize nominating a confirmable candidate and the Senate to act swiftly when the nomination is received.”

[title:]AIA Announces Updated Foreign Object Damage Prevention Standard
[date:]August 31, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (August 31, 2023) – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) today released a revised industry standard, NAS412, for the prevention of Foreign Object Damage (FOD) to aerospace products and operating environments. The revision is a result of a cross-industry collaborative review by Foreign Object Damage Prevention Program subject matter experts from AIA member companies.  
“As the project leader, it was gratifying to see Foreign Object Damage Prevention Leaders coming together for one common goal – to develop a document that can be used in real time to create, implement and sustain a proactive Foreign Object Damage Prevention Program,” said Matt Strickland, NAS412 Committee Chair and Foreign Object Debris / Electrostatic Discharge Lead at Boeing.  
New content in this revision includes: 

A new section on risk assessment that includes tables on methodologies and recommended performance. 
A new section to provide guidance on performing non-standard work risk assessment. 
Clarification in the introduction, purpose, and scope as to the intended use of this document and order of precedence of foreign objects, foreign object debris, and foreign object damage. 
Enhancements to definitions for accountability, inventory, item, risk assessment, tool/item control, and traceability.  

AIA has been developing and publishing standards for the global aerospace market since 1941. For more information on AIA’s standards program, please visit http://www.aia-nas.org.  
NAS412 is available for purchase here. 

[title:]New AIA Agenda Outlines Path Forward for Trade in Emerging & Advanced Capabilities for A&D
[date:]September 13, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. Sept. 13, 2023 – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) today released a new agenda outlining priorities to enhance international cooperation in advanced, emerging, and foundational technologies in aerospace and defense, including artificial intelligence (AI), space systems, cyber, hypersonic capabilities, unmanned aerial systems, and electronic warfare.  
“Emerging and advanced technologies are fundamentally reshaping the 21st-century battlefield, and the United States, alongside its allies and partners, must work closely with the aerospace and defense industry to win the escalating technology race,” said AIA President and CEO Eric Fanning. “AIA’s new agenda provides a roadmap for a more competitive regulatory and trade environment for these new technologies that will help the United States maintain our strategic advantage over potential adversaries.” 
With the rise in global tensions, including the conflict in Ukraine and challenges in the Indo-Pacific, it is more important than ever for industry to have regulatory clarity in a technology-focused world. Focusing on the critical partnership between the U.S. government, its allies and partners, and the A&D industry, the agenda highlights steps needed to create a policy and regulatory environment that promotes cooperation on key strategic, emerging, and advanced technologies. 
Specific recommendations to promote U.S. global leadership in advanced capabilities include:  

Advancing U.S. leadership in emerging and advanced capabilities cooperation with allies and partners as a national security imperative. 


Incentivizing exports and ensuring U.S. government policy and regulation enables American industry global leadership in emerging and advanced capabilities.  


Reducing barriers to cooperation on emerging and advanced capabilities with the United States’ closest allies and partners.  


Continuing U.S. leadership in international standards and norm setting. 


Investing in and strengthening the resilience of the A&D supply chain through inclusive policies.  

Click here to read the full report.  

[title:]AIA Applauds Senate Passage of Annual Defense Policy Bill
[date:]July 27, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (July 27, 2023) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today praised the Senate for passing S. 2226, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024, with a strong bipartisan vote of 86-11.“The Aerospace Industries Association welcomes the passage of the Senate’s National Defense Authorization Act, which provides our defense industrial base, our troops, and our allies and partners the support they need to succeed at this pivotal time,” Fanning said.“Notably, it includes key provisions, which align with AIA’s recommendations, to clear a path forward for the Australia – United Kingdom – United States security partnership and modernize our defense trade system. 
“We thank Chairman Reed and Ranking Member Wicker for their leadership, and we look forward to seeing a conference committee produce a bipartisan, bicameral final product that strengthens the defense industrial base and our shared strategic priorities.”
In March 2023, AIA joined with its counterparts in Australia and the U.K., the Australian Industry Group and ADS, to release a joint paper outlining steps to reduce the trade, regulatory, and bureaucratic barriers that could hinder the historic AUKUS partnership. AIA also released specific recommendations targeting the U.S. regulatory framework to support international trade, collaboration, and integration between the three countries.

[title:]AIA Brings on Seasoned Aviation Leader as Vice President of Civil Aviation
[date:]August 14, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (August 14, 2023) – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA), the leading voice for the American aerospace and defense industry, today announced that long-time civil aviation leader Di Reimold has joined as Vice President of Civil Aviation, effective August 14.
“With the growing need to anticipate and respond to the evolution across aerospace, AIA’s advocacy on behalf of our member companies and our industry’s more than two million employees is more important than ever,” said Eric Fanning, AIA’s President and CEO.“Di’s decades of industry and public service experience will enhance AIA’s reputation as a leader and resource for civil aviation expertise and strengthen our voice in Washington, DC. She is a tremendous addition to our unparalleled senior leadership team.”
Reimold comes to AIA from her previous position as Deputy Vice President of the Federal Aviation Administration’s (FAA) Flight Program Operations, where she was a senior leader in the Air Traffic Organization, responsible for all aspects of the agency’s flight inspection program. Reimold has 30 years of leadership experience in multiple offices of the FAA, including the Office of Aviation Safety, International Aviation, and Commercial Space Transportation. She was also the Head of Global Policy, Safety and Flight Operations at the International Air Transport Association (IATA) from 2011 to 2016. Di has a Master’s degree in Management and holds leadership positions in the International Aviation Women’s Association and the International Aviation Club of Washington.

[title:]AIA Statement on FAA Nomination
[date:]September 7, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Eric Fanning, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO, today released the following statement on President Joe Biden’s intent to nominate Michael G. Whitaker to serve as Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA):
“The Aerospace Industries Association welcomes the nomination of Mike Whitaker to serve as Administrator for the Federal Aviation Administration. AIA believes the FAA and the global aerospace system is best served with established leadership and a Senate-confirmed Administrator is integral to ensuring the FAA’s status as the gold standard for aviation safety. Mr. Whitaker’s previous experience at the FAA on key issues such as air traffic system modernization as well as safety priorities and his extensive background in emerging aviation technologies provides him with an opportunity to quickly address the priorities of the Department of Transportation and the aerospace industry.
“We thank President Biden for making this nomination a priority in his agenda and look forward to the Senate swiftly considering this nomination.”
 
[title:]AIA Applauds Announcement of House Aerospace Caucus Democratic Co-Chair
[date:]August 10, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (August 10, 2023) – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) today welcomed the announcement of Rep. Salud Carbajal (D-Calif.) as the new co-chair of the recently re-established House Aerospace Caucus, alongside Rep. Ron Estes (R-Kansas).
“Playing a crucial role in the U.S. economy with a workforce over 2.1 million strong, the aerospace and defense industry has always looked to Congress for strong bipartisan support and representation,” said Eric Fanning, President and CEO of the Aerospace Industries Association. “As Democratic lead of the House Aerospace Caucus, Rep. Carbajal will be an asset to the Caucus’ mission of maintaining America’s enduring global aerospace leadership and addressing ongoing challenges faced by the aerospace industry.”
“California’s Central Coast has a robust aerospace industry from civilian and military to airplanes and rocket launches. I am thrilled to be Co-Chairing the House Aerospace Caucus alongside fellow Co-Chair, Rep. Ron Estes,” said Rep. Carbajal. “The aerospace industry is essential to our everyday lives – whether you are traveling by plane or using GPS to navigate. I am excited to use this role to help maintain U.S. leadership across this sector.”
“The House Aerospace Caucus has proven to be an asset to lawmakers and the aerospace industry, and I’m pleased to have my friend and colleague Rep. Carbajal join me in co-chairing this robust, bipartisan caucus,” said Rep. Estes. “The United States already leads the world in aerospace manufacturing and innovation, and the House Aerospace Caucus will serve as a conduit for lawmakers and the industry to advance legislation and education that supports the many workers and businesses in American aviation, space and defense.”
The House Aerospace Caucus works to maintain U.S. global aerospace leadership, highlight the critical work that organizations and employees perform, engage members and staff on challenges facing the industry, and address legislative issues impacting aerospace. The U.S. aerospace and defense (A&D) industry employs more than 2.1 million skilled Americans, with employees in every state. A&D powers the U.S. economy, generating $892 billion in combined sales in 2021, in addition to $391 billion in economic value – representing 1.7 percent of total nominal Gross Domestic Product (GDP) in the U.S.

[title:]Workforce Challenges Prove a Headwind to the Growing Aerospace and Defense Industry
[date:]May 23, 2023
[content:]New study from AIA and PwC highlights changing demographics, shifting employment expectations as significant concerns facing the industry amid rising demand
(Arlington, Va.) — The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) and PwC just released a new study highlighting the labor market dynamics facing aerospace and defense (A&D) companies today. The qualitative report analyzes the latest workforce trends and offers strategies for businesses as they seek to recruit and retain top talent amid unprecedented demand. 
“The aerospace and defense workforce is the cornerstone of our industry’s success, but AIA’s latest study with PwC shows that our companies continue to face broad challenges attracting and retaining the talent they need. This is creating significant headwinds for an industry that’s filled with exciting opportunities,” Eric Fanning, AIA’s President and CEO, said. “By responding with the creative solutions for which our industry is renown, we can continue to fuel the growth and innovation that will propel us toward the future.”
“We expect that the A&D industry will continue to experience serious challenges to fill its workforce ranks over the next several years,” said Scott Thompson, PwC’s Global Aerospace & Defense Leader. “Given these challenges, it is especially important for the industry to change course in how it engages with top talent. Perhaps the most urgent need is to redouble efforts to promote the industry as one that can offer exciting and meaningful careers developing and producing some of the most innovative technology that exists in any field.”
Key highlights from the report:

A&D companies are facing unprecedented demand for talent with critical or niche skillsets, but the industry isn’t always viewed as a “destination of choice.” A&D companies should connect their employees with a sense of mission and purpose for the work they are doing, adopt a skills-based approach to hiring, and tailor human resources (HR) programs to meet individuals’ wants and needs.
The demand for cleared roles in the defense sector far exceeds the talent available to fill these roles. With over 70,000 unfilled cleared roles in the United States, these gaps translate to significant unrealized revenue for A&D companies. Impacted companies should reevaluate their talent sourcing strategies, including focusing on veteran recruiting. Rather than take a start-to-finish approach to cleared work, companies should review what individual elements of their work require clearance.
An aging workforce means more retirements are on the horizon — creating a projected multi-million worker gap in the coming years. This is particularly a challenge for manufacturing. A&D businesses must integrate more effective workforce planning into their strategic planning activities and be proactive in succession planning and knowledge transfer for positions that are critical to delivering against their firms’ goals.
Leadership experience — especially people management and in-person collaboration — are lacking post-pandemic. A&D companies should respond by building engaging, high-impact learning experiences to prepare managers to be effective people leaders.

AIA and PwC’s latest report combines feedback from more than a dozen business leaders and talent executives working at AIA member companies with industry data, as well as the experience of PwC’s A&D workforce transformation experts. 
Click here to access the full report.
As the leading voice advocating for the 21st century workforce needs for the A&D industry, AIA regularly releases A&D industry workforce data. The results of our 2022 Aerospace & Defense Workforce Study can be found here. AIA’s 2023 quantitative workforce study will be released in the fall.

About AIA
For over 100 years, the American aerospace and defense (A&D) industry has shaped the world around us. From the first flight to the moon landing, the impact of A&D is immeasurable — and the next great aerospace achievement is on the horizon. With more than 2.1 million shared employees and generating $391 billion in economic value, we are critical to the health of the U.S. economy and serve as a seamless, fundamental part of daily life. Now more than ever, it’s vital that our collective industry has a strong voice speaking on its behalf. 
The Aerospace Industries Association has been that voice since 1919. Our work as an advocate and leader is essential to shaping policy, shedding light on the industry’s impact, and fortifying its future. Together with our more than 320 member companies, our advocacy influences: effective federal investments; accelerated deployment of innovative technologies; policies that enhance our global competitiveness; and recruitment and retention efforts that support a capable and diverse 21st century workforce.
About PwC
PwC’s purpose is to build trust in society and solve important problems. PwC’s network of firms in 152 countries comprises over 327,000 people who are committed to delivering quality through our Trust Solutions and Consulting Solutions segments. Find out more at www.pwc.com.
[title:]AIA, NDIA, PSC Continue Push to Modernize Foreign Military Sales System
[date:]June 8, 2023
[content:]Top defense trade associations the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA), the National Defense Industrial Association (NDIA), and the Professional Services Council (PSC) today released their second set of recommendations to modernize the U.S. Foreign Military Sales (FMS) and defense trade system.
The report, “Volume II: Defense Trade Modernization,” focuses on the Department of State’s role of evaluating and approving 95 percent of FMS cases. As the State Department works to implement its “FMS 2023” action plan to improve the efficiency of the FMS process, the report provides specific legislative and regulatory proposals to streamline, accelerate, and innovate how the United States cooperates with industry to support critical allies and partners. 
The report follows a first package of recommendations provided to the Department of Defense’s (DoD) FMS Tiger Team in late 2022. These recommendations focused on DoD’s FMS policies and practices. (Read that report here.)
“U.S. Foreign Military Sales are a critical part of our integrated defense strategy, but our decades-old system slows down the process to the detriment of our national security and that of our allies and partners. We can and must modernize. Business as usual is unworkable in the current threat environment,” the Hon. Eric Fanning, AIA President and CEO, said. “Tapping into industry’s experience working with the FMS process, we developed these recommendations to allow the U.S. government to maximize speed, flexibility, and innovation in our defense trade system.”
“As the 2022 National Defense Strategy states, the post-Cold War era is over and great power competition has returned. Our current FMS system does not provide the flexibility, transparency, and speed the US and our Allies and partners need to prevail in this environment,” said NDIA’s President and CEO, the Hon. David Norquist. “These industry recommendations to the State Department, along with the previous set sent to the Department of Defense, support an FMS system that is more strategic, flexible, and able to quickly deliver critical capabilities to our Allies and partners. These recommendations are an important step toward strengthening interoperability with our allies and partners to support the National Defense Strategy.”
“The modern threat environment requires agile and demonstrated sustainment capability to increase deterrence,” said PSC’s President and CEO, the Hon. David J. Berteau. “The FMS systems should pivot from a focus on simply transactional processes to information sharing and results-driven assessments. As adversaries continue to evolve and use the latest technology available, the U.S. must keep pace with innovation, responsiveness and alignment with industry partners to protect national security.”
Built on feedback from the associations’ vast membership representing top defense companies, from the smallest suppliers to the largest integrators, the report provides specific recommendations to:

Strengthen defense trade leadership and resources;
Streamline Foreign Military Sales and commercial sales authorities and management;
Simplify export authorizations;
Review congressional notifications and rethink government funding; and
Enhance government-industry information sharing.

Click here to read the full report.

[title:]Aerospace Industries Association Praises TORPEDO Act for Clearing the Way for AUKUS Success
[date:]May 25, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (May 25, 2023) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today praised introduction of the Truncating Onerous Regulations for Partners and Enhancing Deterrence Operations (TORPEDO) Act of 2023. In a letter to the bill’s sponsors, Senators Jim Risch (R-Idaho), ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, and Bill Hagerty (R-Tenn.), Fanning hailed the bill for “reducing trade, regulatory, and bureaucratic barriers that may hinder” the Australia-United Kingdom-United States trilateral security pact. 
“While the establishment of AUKUS is widely supported, operational success hinges on reducing barriers to cooperation and creating optimal pathways to quickly develop, produce and deliver high-end capabilities,” Fanning writes. “U.S. support to Ukraine demonstrated that our current regulatory and bureaucratic systems are not designed to maximize speed, innovation, or technological integration — all of which are essential for AUKUS success.
“This bill addresses key reforms that AIA members strongly support, including expanding export license exemptions and general licenses for our closest allies, anticipating technology and disclosure policies for critical defense capabilities, updating outdated export control lists, and ensuring the U.S. government has the appropriate staff and funding to support the broader AUKUS objectives,” Fanning continues.
The letter also encourages the Senate Foreign Relations Committee to mark up the bill as soon as possible and the full Senate to consider the bill on the floor in short order.
Click here or see below for the text of the letter.

Dear Senator Risch and Senator Hagerty:
On behalf of the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) and our more than 320 U.S. aerospace and defense companies, thank you for your leadership in introducing the Truncating Onerous Regulations for Partners and Enhancing Deterrence Operations (TORPEDO) Act of 2023. This legislation would bolster the Australia-United Kingdom-United States (AUKUS) pact by reducing trade, regulatory, and bureaucratic barriers that may hinder this historic security partnership. 
While the establishment of AUKUS is widely supported, operational success hinges on reducing barriers to cooperation and creating optimal pathways to quickly develop, produce and deliver high-end capabilities. This requires modern, integrated, and consistent national security policies, export controls, and information-sharing standards that clearly define and accelerate AUKUS objectives. Establishing a defense trade-friendly regulatory structure that allows our collective industries to meet current and future global threats across all three countries is paramount. 
As the manufacturers and exporters of next-generation capabilities, the U.S. aerospace and defense industry will play an integral role as Australia, the United Kingdom, and the United States take this historic partnership from concept to reality. U.S. support to Ukraine demonstrated that our current regulatory and bureaucratic systems are not designed to maximize speed, innovation, or technological integration — all of which are essential for AUKUS success. This bill addresses key reforms that AIA members strongly support, including expanding export license exemptions and general licenses for our closest allies, anticipating technology and disclosure policies for critical defense capabilities, updating outdated export control lists, and ensuring the U.S. government has the appropriate staff and funding to support the broader AUKUS objectives. Therefore, we urge the Senate Foreign Relations Committee to mark up the TORPEDO Act of 2023 as soon as possible and for congressional leadership to bring it to the Senate floor for a vote soon after.
Our organization and member companies will have additional suggestions for improving export efficiency and speed as it relates to AUKUS technologies, and we look forward to working with you on a comprehensive bipartisan, bicameral approach to this crucial national security issue.


Respectfully,
Eric Fanning
President and CEO
Aerospace Industries Association



[title:]AIA Statement on Nomination of General Brown to Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff
[date:]May 25, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (May 25, 2023) – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today issued the following statement on President Joe Biden’s nomination of General Charles “CQ” Brown Jr. to become the next chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
“General Brown is an excellent choice to be the next chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. He brings a wealth of experience, particularly in the Indo-Pacific region, and has the right temperament and strategic approach to help lead our military as we face some of the most complex challenges of our lives. He’s highly regarded by the other chiefs and DOD civilian leadership, and already has international relationships that he can build on to keep our important global alliances and partnerships strong.”

[title:]AIA Presents “Wright Stuff Award” to Senator Jerry Moran
[date:]May 17, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (May 17, 2023) – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) today presented U.S. Senator Jerry Moran (R-Kan.) with the “Wright Stuff Award” to honor his ongoing leadership and contributions to America’s aerospace industry and national security.

AIA President and CEO Eric Fanning, Senator Jerry Moran, President and CEO of Textron Scott Donnelly, and AIA Chairman and President and CEO of Spirit AeroSystems Tom Gentile.
“Senator Moran is a fierce advocate for America’s aerospace and defense industry,” said AIA President and CEO Eric Fanning. “He champions the issues that matter most to AIA and our more than 320 member companies: job creation and innovation in aviation and aerospace, investment in a highly skilled workforce, and a strong national defense. We are proud to have him as a partner in the U.S. Senate and to honor him with the Wright Stuff award.”
“The aerospace and defense industry in Kansas and across the U.S. has no greater champion than Sen. Moran,” said Tom Gentile, Chairman of AIA’s Board of Governors and President and Chief Executive Officer of Spirit AeroSystems. “His leadership in the Senate has advanced U.S. global leadership in aerospace that has included efforts to enhance aviation safety, technological innovation, and robust support for the 2.1 million Americans who work in the industry.”
“For over a century, Kansas has played an outsized role in the aviation industry, and our culture of innovation continues to revolutionize manufacturing and flight,” said U.S. Sen. Jerry Moran (Kan.). “The aerospace industry bolsters our national security, fosters economic growth, spearheads space exploration and facilitates global connectivity. Through my roles as both an authorizer and appropriator, I will continue to champion strong policies that will help propel our advancements even further. I am grateful for Eric Fanning, Tom Gentile and AIA’s leadership to advance the aerospace and defense industry, and I look forward to working with them to maintain our nation’s competitive advantage.”
As the co-chair of the Senate Aerospace Caucus, Sen. Moran fights to maintain America’s aerospace leadership in the commercial aviation, defense, and space industries. Through his work on the Senate Appropriations Committee, where he chairs the Commerce, Justice, and Science Subcommittee, and as a member of the Commerce, Science, and Transportation Committee, Sen. Moran prioritizes policies that support the aerospace and defense workforce, bolster innovation and next-generation technologies, and strengthen national security.
Sen. Moran received the “Wright Stuff Award” at AIA’s spring Board of Governors meeting in Washington, DC.
“The Wright Stuff Award,” created in 2020, is named after the inspiring Wright brothers whose ideas and inventions ushered in the age of flight, and in turn, transformed the world. The award recognizes an individual for paving “the way to what’s next” by making major and measurable contributions to the aerospace and defense industry. Previous recipients include former Rep. Mac Thornberry (R-Texas) and former Sens. Jim Inhofe (R-Okla.), Patrick Leahy (D-Ver.), and Richard Shelby (R-Ala.).

[title:]Small Businesses Up and Down the A&D Supply Chain Implore Congress to Restore Vital R&D Tax Deduction
[date:]May 15, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (May 15, 2023) – Thirty-five small business members of the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) today urged Congress to act immediately on legislation to restore research and development (R&D) tax incentives. In a letter to congressional leaders, the owners and operators of aerospace and defense supply chain companies from across the country detailed the harmful effects of a recent change that requires R&D expenses to be amortized over five years, rather than receiving a full tax deduction in the year incurred.
“Our businesses, though small, are significant drivers of American innovation,” the letter states. “However, with this recent tax change, our investment in innovation is now being penalized… We are already feeling the very real, punitive effects of this policy. When filing our taxes last month, many of us were hit by alarming numbers, far beyond what we anticipated. These higher tax bills greatly reduce our cash flow — meaning that we will struggle to hire and retain qualified talent, and for some of us, we will need to take out loans to cover these larger-than-expected expenses.
“Congress now has the opportunity to right this wrong,” the letter continues. “Two pieces of legislation have been introduced — S. 866, the American Innovation and Jobs Act, and H.R. 2673, the American Innovation and R&D Competitiveness Act — that will fix this harmful policy, and we urge you to bring them to the floor swiftly. These bills offer a critical lifeline not only to us, but also to American small businesses across every industry and from every part of the country.”
Click here or see below for the text of the letter.
AIA’s President and CEO Eric Fanning hailed H.R. 2673 as a “lifeline to small businesses across the country” in aletter to the bill’s lead sponsors, Reps. Ron Estes (R-Kan.) and John Larson (D-Conn.), and urged swift consideration of the Senate counterpart bill, S. 866, in a letter to the bill’s lead sponsors, Sens. Maggie Hassan (R-N.H.) and Todd Young (R-Ind.). Learn more about the need to address the R&D tax challenge and support American innovation here.
_____________________________________________________________________________________
Dear Speaker McCarthy, Majority Leader Schumer, Democratic Leader Jeffries, and Republican Leader McConnell, 
As the owners and executives of some of America’s leading small businesses in the aerospace and defense industry and members of the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA), we write with urgency asking you to address a recent research and development (R&D) tax policy that is threatening our livelihoods and those of our employees.
Our businesses, though small, are significant drivers of American innovation. We support national security as part of the defense industrial supply chain, we develop and manufacture innovative technologies that make air travel safer, greener, and more efficient, and we are helping send Americans back to the moon and beyond. Our industry has always been on the cutting edge of what’s next because of the ingenuity, talent, and financial and human resources we’ve put into it. However, with this recent tax change, our investment in innovation is now being penalized. Rather than receiving a full tax deduction for our R&D expenses in the year they are incurred, we are now required to amortize them over five years — essentially reducing our annual tax benefit to just 20% of what it used to be.
We are already feeling the very real, punitive effects of this policy. When filing our taxes last month, many of us were hit by alarming numbers, far beyond what we anticipated. These higher tax bills greatly reduce our cash flow — meaning that we will struggle to hire and retain qualified talent, and for some of us, we will need to take out loans to cover these larger-than-expected expenses. Additionally, we will have fewer dollars to invest into the future R&D that will keep our country on the cutting edge of aerospace and defense technologies — and ahead of our foreign competitors.
These are the most direct impacts of this tax change on our businesses – but more broadly, this tax policy is already having chilling effects on U.S. investment in R&D. According to PwC, private investment in R&D fell for the first time in seven years at the end of 2022.
Congress now has the opportunity to right this wrong. Two pieces of legislation have been introduced — S. 866, the American Innovation and Jobs Act, and H.R. 2673, the American Innovation and R&D Competitiveness Act — that will fix this harmful policy, and we urge you to bring them to the floor swiftly. These bills offer a critical lifeline not only to us, but also to American small businesses across every industry and from every part of the country. 
Both bills already have broad, bipartisan support from your colleagues, with 30 Senators co-sponsoring S. 866 and 88Members co-sponsoring H.R. 2673. We thank Sens. Hassan and Young and Reps. Estes and Larson, as well as every member who has co-sponsored this bill, for their leadership and willingness to fight for America’s innovators.
We appreciate your attention to this pressing issue, and welcome the opportunity to speak with you further on this topic. 
Sincerely,
Acorn Growth CompaniesOklahoma City, OK
Acutec Precision AerospaceMeadville, PA
ADI American Distributors LLCRandolph, NJ
Advanced Navigation & Positioning Corp.Hood River, OR
Aerospace Alloys, Inc. Bloomfield, CT
AMI Metals Brentwood, TN 
Andrews Aerospace Fort Worth, TX
APECS AerospaceCharleston, SC
Athena ManufacturingAustin, TX
Bauer, Inc.Bristol, CT
CAE USAChantilly, VA
Click Bond, Inc.Carson City, NV
Cox Machine, IncWichita, KS
CPI Aero Inc.Edgewood, NY
Exostar, LLCHerndon, VA
Expedited Climb Capital LLCAndover, MA
GSE DynamicsHauppauge, NY    
IERUS Technologies  Huntsville, AL
Integrated Support Systems, Inc.  Seneca, SC 
InterConnect WiringFort Worth, TX
Machine Specialties, Inc.Whitsett, NC
Marotta ControlsMontville, NJ
Mercury SystemsAndover, MA
Meyer Tool, Inc.Cincinnati, OH 
Muon SpaceMountain View, CA
PauloSt. Louis, MO
PGLWest Irving, TX
Precision Arrow Gear GroupDowners Grove, IL
Rocker IndustriesHuntington Beach, CA
Patriot Group LLCPasadena, MD
Therm, IncorporatedIthaca, NY
Third Wave SystemsMinneapolis, MN
VerifyIrvine, CA
Weldaloy Specialty ForgingsWarren, MI

[title:]AIA Announces Revision to Remote Surveillance Standard
[date:]May 12, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) today published a revision converting the implementation guidance to a standard practice for the use of Remote Surveillance Technologies (RST). This revision, NAS413, Revision 1: Remote Surveillance, applies a risk-informed approach to realizing the effectiveness and benefits of using RST to conduct a variety of quality assurance activities remotely.
“U.S. aerospace and defense manufacturers are committed to maintaining the gold standard of quality, safety, and efficiency that our industry is known for. This revision ensures that industry is utilizing RST to continue to achieve these high marks with government support and accountability,” said Chris Carnahan, Associate Vice President of Standards at AIA. “We appreciate the work and critical input of AIA’s Quality Assurance Committee, and the help of our government partners in NASA, the Federal Aviation Administration, and the Defense Contract Management Agency and Defense Logistics Agency within the Department of Defense who made this revision possible.”
“We learned during the worldwide pandemic that RST provides us an innovative solution for many quality engineering and assurance tasks. RST creates solutions for mission execution challenges such as constrained budgets, demanding schedules, and higher competition for a limited STEM workforce, if applied in a risk-informed manner,” said Jeannette Plante, NASA’s Quality Assurance lead in the Office of Safety and Mission Assurance.  
NAS413, Revision 1: Remote Surveillance provides industry with a set of requirements that consider risk and mitigation when designing and using RST processes and quality management system (QMS) controls for a specific set of objectives and conditions (i.e., use case). An output of this standard is an RST Plan where these considerations and controls are documented. The elements of risk that must be considered generally define the use case such as: stakeholder parties (sender and receiver of images or data), type of assurance or technical consultation activity to be achieved, the complexity of the target hardware or process (e.g., printed circuit board vs aircraft), RST equipment to be used and image quality required, process and workflow elements, personnel safety and hardware preservation, and data security. Standard QMS controls are to be applied such as configuration management, personnel training and competency, equipment maintenance, and change control. A MSExcel-based tool is available as a companion to the standard to help users fully address the relevant risks and to understand their severity. While there is significant demand for the use of RST for supplier oversight (e.g., auditing, witnessing an operation, inspecting hardware), use cases can include activities between parties within the same company where there is a benefit to engaging with a party who is not physically in the same location as the hardware. The change from a guidance document to a requirements standard provides advantages to customers who would like to flow it down into their supply chain via contracts.
The revised standard is available for purchase here.

AIA develops and establishes standards within a consensus process that meets the approval requirements of the AIA procedures and regulations. The National Aerospace Standards (NAS) are voluntary standards developed by the aerospace industry. Subject matter experts from AIA member companies participate in committees and working groups to develop and maintain the NAS library, which currently contains over 1300 active standards. These standards cover a wide variety of subject areas. Descriptions of AIA councils and committees are available here, and more information on the standards development process is available here.
[title:]New Op-Ed: How The U.S. Government Can Help Aerospace Innovate
[date:]May 1, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (May 1, 2023) – In case you missed it, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) Chair and President and CEO of Spirit AeroSystems Tom Gentile penned an op-ed in Aviation Week outlining how the U.S. government can support continued American leadership in innovation. 
Read the full op-ed here and find excerpts below. 



How The U.S. Government Can Help Aerospace Innovate
Tom Gentile | Aviation Week | May 1, 2023
For more than a century, the U.S. has been synonymous with aerospace innovation. Now adversaries across the globe are rapidly advancing their aerospace and defense capabilities, and they are watching how we meet this moment. We need to stay ahead of the curve and continue pushing the boundaries of what is possible. Several policy targets of opportunity will help do just that.
To ensure continued U.S. aerospace and defense leadership, industry needs a strong public-private partnership that supports its world-class workforce, incentivizes critical research and development (R&D) and passes essential legislation such as FAA reauthorization and the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA).
At the heart of maintaining our leadership in innovation is developing and retaining a skilled workforce. The 2.1-million-strong U.S. aerospace and defense workforce is the crown jewel of our industry and our biggest driver of innovation, but we are at risk of falling behind. We must focus on policies that develop our workforce, create partnerships between industry and academia, and invest in education, training and retraining programs that will prepare workers for the jobs of the future. We also must ensure that our workforce is diverse and inclusive, as diversity drives innovation.
Another key factor is R&D tax amortization. Last year, a harmful R&D tax policy change took effect, handcuffing American innovation, stifling our workforce and leaving U.S. companies at a disadvantage. At a time when China is doubling down on incentives for R&D, we must use every tool at our disposal to level the playing field. Congress should pass the American Innovation and Jobs Act to reverse course on the tax change, leverage private capital for public good and send a message to our adversaries that the U.S. is serious about investing in innovation and national security.
. . .
As emerging technologies such as electric, autonomous and supersonic aircraft become more prevalent, the FAA must keep pace to continue U.S. global leadership in innovation and aviation safety. This year’s FAA reauthorization legislation must include provisions to make sure the FAA certification workforce has the skills to review future aviation technologies and is able to meet the highest safety standards.
Upgrading our air transport infrastructure is also an essential element of the FAA bill. The FAA’s air traffic control system has facilitated an enviable safety record in the U.S. over the last several decades. With air traffic recovering following the COVID-19 crisis and even exceeding 2019 levels, we are seeing strains on the aging infrastructure serving our air traffic system (the recent failure of the Notice to Air Missions system is one example). 
. . . 
Advancements in national security are rooted in innovation, too. The NDAA provides an opportunity to create the right policy and incentive environment to unleash technological transformation. We must focus on speed, agility and risk-taking to stay ahead of our global competitors. This means investing in innovative technology and a resilient supply chain. We also must ensure that our procurement policies encourage innovation and provide opportunities for small and diverse businesses.
Global innovation leadership is within our control, but we must act now to remain competitive. As an industry, we are ready to meet the moment, but we need commitment from our partners in government to do the same. Working together, we can unleash the full potential of our industry and secure America’s place as the world leader in innovation for years to come.
Tom Gentile is president and CEO of Wichita-based Spirit AeroSystems and the chairperson of the Aerospace Industries Association.

[title:]Aerospace & Defense Industry to OMB: Block FAR Council Supply Chain Disclosure Proposal
[date:]May 3, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (May 3, 2023) – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) today is calling on the Office of Management and Budget to block a harmful Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Council proposal that would require certain federal contractors to disclose greenhouse emissions (GHG) throughout their complex supply chains.
“Our industry has set a number of goals to cut emissions and remains committed to achieving net-zero carbon emissions by 2050. Trying to comply with onerous, impractical – and in this case, impossible – requirements only hinders our progress This proposal should be sent back to the drawing board.” AIA President and CEO Eric Fanning said. “The aerospace and defense industry stands ready to work with our partners in government to find realistic, meaningful solutions to reduce our environmental footprint.”
In a new letter to OMB Director Shalanda Young, AIA’s Senior Vice President of Policy Remy Nathan wrote, “At a time when small businesses acutely feel the pressure of inflation and continue to reel from pandemic disruptions, this proposal would saddle contractors with steep implementation and compliance costs and add to the already overwhelming administrative burdens that deter small businesses from working with the government—particularly with the Department of Defense.” 
“For over 100 years, the men and women of the U.S. A&D industry have worked tirelessly to support America’s national security and equip the warfighter,” Nathan continued. “It is unthinkable that this proposal would outsource governance to an international body, opening the door to foreign influence on who is qualified to build military equipment for the protection of our country.” 
Read the full letter here and below. More information about AIA’s commitment to net-zero carbon emissions by 2050 is available here, and detailed formal comments filed in response to the proposed rule are available here.

May 3, 2023 
Dear Director Young,  
On behalf of the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA), which represents many of the nation’s most innovative and integral aerospace and defense (A&D) companies ranging from family-run businesses to multinational corporations, I write today with concerns about a Federal Acquisition Regulatory (FAR) Council proposal[1] to require certain federal contractors to disclose greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions throughout their complex supply chains. While our industry shares the goal of addressing climate change and has already made a number of meaningful commitments to reduce environmental impacts, this punitive proposal would impose significant costs on businesses as they work to meet onerous, impractical requirements; open the door to foreign influence on government procurement and the U.S. A&D industry; and inflict a disproportionate burden on small businesses.  
By requiring companies to calculate and disclose “Scope 3” emissions, compliance with this proposal would be enormously challenging, if not impossible, for many companies throughout the shared A&D supply chain. So-called Scope 3 emissions are emissions associated with the suppliers and customers throughout a company’s value chain. Attempting to calculate these emissions would require companies to set up new, costly, complex data collection systems—for data that is largely outside of their control and provided by entities who are likely unable to accurately calculate their own emissions information. This would be particularly difficult for members of the A&D industry, as our products are used nationally and internationally and tend to have much longer service lives than most consumer products. Because of the sensitivity of military use data and the difficulty of predicting a platform’s service life, meeting the proposal’s requirements would be especially impractical for companies doing business with the Pentagon. 
Additionally, the proposal would insert non-governmental international entities into the federal contracting process. Under this proposal, companies must set targets to reduce their emissions based on standards set by Science-Based Targets initiative (SBTi), an international coalition of non-governmental entities with foreign national leadership and no accountability to the U.S. government. For over 100 years, the men and women of the U.S. A&D industry have worked tirelessly to support America’s national security and equip the warfighter. It is unthinkable that this proposal would outsource governance to an international body, opening the door to foreign influence on who is qualified to build military equipment for the protection of our country. 
Underlying the many problems with this proposal is the disproportionate burden that would fall on small businesses. At a time when small businesses acutely feel the pressure of inflation and continue to reel from pandemic disruptions, this proposal would saddle contractors with steep implementation and compliance costs and add to the already overwhelming administrative burdens that deter small businesses from working with the government—particularly with the Department of Defense. Over the last decade, small business participation in the defense industrial base (DIB) has already shrunk by more than 40 percent; this proposal has the potential to reduce their participation even further. The absence of small businesses and the innovative, evolving capabilities they bring to the table has a real and direct impact on our national security and ability to deter war. Simply put, the government cannot afford to lose more small business participation in the DIB, and small businesses cannot afford this proposal.  
We appreciate the FAR Council’s role in this process and have formally submitted comments further detailing our concerns to them.[2] Because the chair of the Council sits under the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) and due to OMB’s critical role in the review, implementation, and oversight of the Administration’s regulatory agenda, we bring our concerns to you directly and urge you to block this proposal entirely. I welcome the opportunity to discuss these concerns and related issues.  
Sincerely,  
Remy Nathan 
Senior Vice President of Policy 
Aerospace Industries Association 
CC: FAR Council 
 [1] FAR Case 2021-015, https://www.regulations.gov/document/FAR-2021-0015-0001 
 [2] https://www.aia-aerospace.org/wp-content/uploads/AIA-Comments-FAR-2021-015-Climate-Risk-GHG-2-13-23-Final.pdf 

[title:]On Tax Day, AIA Hails Introduction of House R&D Tax Bill as ‘Lifeline to Small Businesses Across the Country’
[date:]April 18, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (April 18, 2023) – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) today sent a letter of support to Representatives Ron Estes (R-Kan.) and John Larson (D-Conn.) for the American Innovation and R&D Competitiveness Act — legislation to restore the full tax deductibility of research and development (R&D) expenses. In the letter, AIA President and CEO Eric Fanning wrote that the change requiring R&D expenses to be amortized over five years is creating enormous financial burdens for small businesses — including much larger tax bills.
“Without the small businesses in our supply chain, many of them family owned, building the next generation of aerospace and defense technology would not be possible. Unfortunately, last year’s change to the tax code requiring R&D expenses to be amortized over five years has limited small businesses’ ability to make these types of investments,” Fanning wrote. “For many small businesses, the financial burden has already multiplied and their significantly larger 2022 tax bills are paralyzing. Rather than investing in R&D, which includes growing their workforce, many are at a standstill with how to proceed unless Congress acts soon.
“Your bill will protect American jobs, save small businesses, and spur the innovation needed to ensure America’s future competitiveness,” Fanning continued.
The full letter is available here and below. AIA also sent a letter of support for the American Innovation and R&D Competitiveness Act’s Senate companion bill, S. 866, which can be found here. Read more about the importance of Congress fixing the R&D tax change here.
___________________________________________________________________________________________
April 18, 2023
Dear Congressman Estes and Congressman Larson:
On behalf of the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA), which represents more than 320 American aerospace and defense companies of all sizes, thank you for your leadership in introducing the American Innovation and R&D Competitiveness Act. This legislation would restore the full tax deductibility of research and development (R&D) expenses and be a lifeline to small businesses across the country.
Our members are America’s leading designers and manufacturers of highly advanced innovations and technologies including commercial aircraft, engines, satellites, and launch vehicles. Without the small businesses in our supply chain, many of them family owned, building the next generation of aerospace and defense technology would not be possible. Unfortunately, last year’s change to the tax code requiring R&D expenses to be amortized over five years has limited small businesses’ ability to make these types of investments. Your legislation, the American Innovation and R&D Competitiveness Act, is crucial to ensuring the incentive to invest in the innovation continues for decades to come.
If the American Innovation and R&D Competitiveness Act is not enacted soon, we risk extending the decline in real private investment in R&D, which began in the two final consecutive quarters of last year[1]– the first time private investment in R&D has dropped in seven years. For many small businesses, the financial burden has already multiplied and their significantly larger 2022 tax bills are paralyzing. Rather than investing in R&D, which includes growing their workforce, many are at a standstill with how to proceed unless Congress acts soon.[2]
The private sector accounts for more than 75 percent of total R&D spending[3] in the U.S., with small businesses alone accounting for about 15 percent of all private sector R&D investments.[4] Not only does our tax code now disincentivize this investment, but it makes the U.S. only one of two developed countries with this policy at a time when we must retain our competitive edge, particularly in the aerospace and defense industry. This is not only to benefit the U.S. economy, but also to outpace the growing China threat. 
Your bill will protect American jobs, save small businesses, and spur the innovation needed to ensure America’s future competitiveness. Therefore, we urge the House Ways and Means Committee to mark up the American Innovation and R&D Competitiveness Act as soon as possible and congressional leadership to bring it to the House floor for a vote soon after. Delaying action risks the permanent loss of private R&D spending as budgets are trimmed and projects are shelved. We must avoid this self-inflicted injury.
We thank you again for your leadership on this issue and for introducing this timely, critical bill. 

[1] U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis, “Table 5.3.1. Percent Change From Preceding Period in Real Private Fixed Investment by Type“.
[2] https://www.wsj.com/articles/small-businesses-face-big-tax-bills-from-research-deduction-change-a189b113?mod=hp_listb_pos1  
[3] National Center for Science and Engineering Statistics, National Science Foundation, National Patterns of R&D Resources: 2020-21 Data Update, NSF 23-321, January 4, 2023, https://ncses.nsf.gov/pubs/nsf23321. 
[4] National Center for Science and Engineering Statistics, National Science Foundation, InfoBrief, NSF 22-343, October 4, 2022, https://ncses.nsf.gov/pubs/nsf22343.

[title:]AIA Statement on Full-Year Government Funding Bill
[date:]December 20, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Dec. 20, 2022) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today issued the following statement on the fiscal year 2023 full-year government funding bill released this morning:
“We are glad to see Congress come to bipartisan agreement on a full-year government funding bill, breaking, at least for now, a cycle of harmful and disruptive continuing resolutions. America’s national and economic security is an enduring responsibility that requires adequate, stable, and predictable funding. In particular, we welcome the strong investment in national defense — which is critical to ensuring our defense industrial base can support and equip our warfighters. While we will continue to review the legislation, we recognize that full-year funding is an important step forward and urge Congress to support the bill and President Biden to sign it without delay.”
Last week, Fanning sent a letter to Congress describing the adverse effects that short-term government funding bills, known as continuing resolutions, have on government operations, including national security, aviation safety programs, and critical space programs.

[title:]Vice President Harris Selects AIA’s Fanning for National Space Council Users Advisory Group
[date:]December 20, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Dec. 20, 2022) – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today issued the following statement after Chair of the National Space Council, Vice President Kamala Harris, announced the individuals selected to serve on the National Space Council’s Users Advisory Group (UAG).   
“At a time of renewed excitement and enthusiasm in the space sector, it is critical for industry to have a direct line to our government partners. I look forward to serving on the National Space Council’s Users Advisory Group to provide a voice for the U.S. aerospace industry and its world-class workforce. Together, we can propel the next generation of space exploration.” 

[title:]AIA’s Fanning: Congress Must Pass Full-Year Government Funding Bill
[date:]December 13, 2022
[content:]“While many events in the world are uncertain and unforeseeable, funding our government is completely within our Congress’ control.”
Arlington, Va. (Dec. 13, 2022) – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) today is urging Congress to reach an agreement with the Administration and pass a full-year whole of government funding bill before the end of 2022. In a letter to congressional leadership, AIA President and CEO Eric Fanning outlines the damage another short-term continuing resolution (CR) will have on America’s military, national security, and global competitiveness. 
“When our current CR expires on December 16, 2022, our government’s critical functions will have been in a fiscal “holding pattern” for the first 10 weeks of fiscal year 2023,” Fanning writes. “As Secretary of the Army, I experienced firsthand how CRs strain the way a department operates. They force organizations to avoid needed new projects and cause agencies to reserve resources or spread them across multiple scenarios instead of focusing on a single optimal plan.”
“Our military and other vital agencies have already waited 10 weeks to execute new programs and make critically needed new purchases — almost all for activities already approved by the House or Senate thus far in the FY23 appropriations process. Congress must not delay any longer,” Fanning continues. 
Full text of the letter is available here and below. 
December 13, 2022
Dear Speaker Pelosi, Majority Leader Schumer, Republican Leader McConnell, and Republican Leader McCarthy:
When our current Continuing Resolution (CR) expires on December 16, 2022, our government’s critical functions will have been in a fiscal “holding pattern” for the first 10 weeks of fiscal year 2023 (FY23). We all know that CRs are often used as a short-term solution to shutdowns, but they create their own, significant problems, especially for our military. As Secretary of Defense Austin recently wrote, the current CR has disrupted the lives of military families and undermined the ability to recruit personnel in an already challenging environment. It has also delayed much needed investment in our industrial base and denied military advancement in critical areas like space and naval ship construction. Moreover, stopgap funding measures like the current CR imperil the defense industry’s ability to deliver to the customer, which in turn, compromises the capabilities and services delivered to the warfighter. 
Our national security is an enduring responsibility that requires stable and predictable investment. This is even more important in this new era of strategic competition. Secretary Austin said it exactly right: “We can’t outcompete China with our hands tied behind our back three, four, five or six months of every fiscal year.”[1]  
The harmful impacts of CRs go beyond the military; they impede the scientific innovation and economic progress that keeps us competitive in the global market, as well as slowing down updates to key safety programs. The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), for example, cannot fully implement congressional directives in aviation safety without additional and reliable resources. A longer-term CR would hinder the FAA’s ability to license commercial space launches. The National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) will not be able to continue the pace of development necessary for Artemis missions — affecting next-generation space suits, human landing systems, and the second mobile launcher. It will also impact commercial low Earth orbit destinations, increasing the risk of a gap in the over 20 years of continuous U.S. human presence in low Earth orbit. Furthermore, the Department of Commerce Office of Space Commerce would be dramatically impacted, stopping development of necessary components of a civil space situational awareness capability. The highly innovative and globally competitive U. S. aerospace industry depends on these and other agencies to help bring our products to world markets in a timely manner.  
As Secretary of the Army, I experienced firsthand how CRs strain the way a department operates. They force organizations to avoid needed new projects and cause agencies to reserve resources or spread them across multiple scenarios instead of focusing on a single optimal plan. This means funds are wasted, important programs are delayed, and our troops and civilian workforce and their families suffer.
It is imperative that Congress and the President reach an agreement on topline spending levels and finalize a full-year, whole-of-government funding bill before the end of 2022. While many events in the world are uncertain and unforeseeable, funding our government is completely within Congress’ control. Our military and other vital agencies have already waited 10 weeks to execute new programs and make critically needed new purchases — almost all for activities already approved by the House or Senate thus far in the FY23 appropriations process. Congress must not delay any longer. China doesn’t shut down its government or disrupt its programs throughout the fiscal year. To stay competitive, neither should we.
Sincerely,
Eric Fanning
President & CEO
Aerospace Industries Association

[1] Letter to Congressional leaders by U. S. Secretary of Defense Lloyd J. Austin III, November 28, 2022.

[title:]Congress Must Fix R&D Tax, Support American Innovation
[date:]December 13, 2022
[content:]Between record-high inflation, Russia’s war with Ukraine, increasing competition with China, and continued supply chain impact of the pandemic, maintaining America’s competitive edge has never been more essential. But the headwinds have never been stronger, especially when it comes to U.S. national security.
While U.S. aerospace and defense (A&D) companies navigate these challenges, a harmful tax change has gone into effect that is stifling American manufacturing and innovation investment.
Incentives are the key to innovation and have been instrumental to America’s technological superiority for generations. Since the 1950s, businesses have been able to deduct qualifying U.S. research and development (R&D) expenditures for federal tax purposes in the year they were incurred. Yet beginning in January 2022, American companies are no longer able to immediately expense the full value of their investments in R&D in the year they were incurred. Now companies of all sizes must spread or amortize these costs over five years, making R&D more costly to conduct in the U.S.
For example, U.S. companies investing $100 in R&D are now only able to deduct up to $20 per year over the five-year amortization period, instead of $100 all at once — resulting in a significant loss in cash flow. Less cash means fewer dollars for critical R&D and the highly skilled jobs that support it.[1] Today, 71 percent of U.S. R&D spending originates in the private sector, and nearly 70 percent of that is spending is used for salary and wages.
Meanwhile, the Chinese government is doubling down on incentives for innovation. In 2020, China set a record for R&D spending, totaling $378 billion.[2] China has extended its super deduction for R&D expenses for manufacturing companies to an extra 100 percent of eligible R&D expenses in addition to actual expenses incurred. For example, a company that undertakes $100 of R&D in the U.S. would deduct only $10 in 2022 while a manufacturing company that undertakes $100 of R&D in China would deduct $200, or 20 times as much.
American companies have always played a leading role in advancing the technology we need to maintain our edge, especially in the defense sector. We must use every tool at our disposal to emphasize and encourage research and development like China does and remain competitive on the global stage.
The amortization requirement also poses a serious threat to our national security if not reversed. As the National Science and Technology Council has noted, R&D investments “are essential to ensure that the United States remains able to secure and protect the American people in the face” of other countries increasing support for R&D.[3]
Reversing the R&D amortization requirement is not just sound tax policy, but will also provide direct benefits to supporting our manufacturing workforce. Investments in R&D support millions of American jobs every year. For every $1 billion in R&D spending, 17,000 jobs are supported in the U.S. [4] With less private investment in R&D, our nation continues to lag in high-tech skills and expertise necessary to produce vital technologies like semiconductors.
Failing to reverse this change will cost well-paying, highly skilled jobs and reduce future innovation-directed R&D. Requiring the amortization of research expenses will reduce R&D spending and lead to a loss of more than 20,000 R&D jobs in the first five years, with the number of lost jobs rising to nearly 60,000 over the following five years. Moreover, when accounting for the spillover effect from R&D spending, nearly three times as many jobs could be affected. [5]
By the end of the year, Congress must reverse course on this harmful tax law and ensure that the tax code continues to support innovation. If they don’t, America’s economic and national security future could be in jeopardy.

[1] https://investinamericasfuture.org/wp-content/uploads/2021/03/House-Bill-RD-Coalition-Flyer-2021.pdf
[2] https://www.cnbc.com/2021/03/01/chinas-spending-on-rd-hits-a-record-378-billion.html
[3] https://www.whitehouse.gov/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/NSTC-NSO-RDI-_REV_FINAL-10-2021.pdf
[4] Ibid.
[5] https://investinamericasfuture.org/wp-content/uploads/2021/03/House-Bill-RD-Coalition-Flyer-2021.pdf
[title:]AIA Statement on Senate Passage of 2023 National Defense Authorization Act
[date:]December 15, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Dec. 15, 2022) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today issued the following statement after the Senate overwhelmingly passed the James M. Inhofe National Defense Authorization Act of Fiscal Year 2023:
“As long as our industrial base remains a key part of our asymmetric advantage, our country’s ability to deter war will be that much stronger. The U.S. military is the best in the world because we have the best warfighters equipped with the best equipment and the best capabilities, furnished in large part by the American aerospace and defense industry. Strengthening the defense industrial base will strengthen America’s national security, and this year’s National Defense Authorization Act is a step in the right direction. 
“With broad bipartisan, bicameral support, the bill authorizes strong investment in our national defense. It also includes much-needed policies that will empower the Department of Defense and its industry partners to move faster to shore up our own security while supporting our allies and partners like Ukraine and Taiwan. We look forward to seeing President Biden sign it into law soon.”  

[title:]AIA Honors Sens. Inhofe, Shelby, Leahy with “Wright Stuff Award”
[date:]December 12, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Dec. 12, 2022) – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) honored U.S. Senators Jim Inhofe (R-Okla.), Richard Shelby (R-Ala.), and Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) with the “Wright Stuff Award” in recognition of their support of the aerospace and defense (A&D) industry.
“On behalf of the 2.1 million employees working in the aerospace and defense industry, it’s an honor to present our ‘Wright Stuff Award’ to Senators Jim Inhofe, Richard Shelby, and Patrick Leahy for their decades of bipartisan leadership and service,” AIA President & CEO Eric Fanning said. “Sens. Inhofe, Shelby, and Leahy will leave a legacy of unwavering support and dedication to investment in our military, our national security, and the U.S. defense industrial base that supports both.”

AIA Pres. & CEO Eric Fanning and Sen. Inhofe
“It’s an honor to receive such a meaningful and generous gift of appreciation from the AIA,” said Sen. Inhofe. “I am blessed to have been able to work on so many aerospace issues and priorities throughout my years in office and even though I’ll be bailing out of this place soon, I have no plans to stop my work in aviation and defense. I trust that the AIA and others in Congress will carry on my legacy, and continue fostering development and beneficial change for the aviation and aerospace community.”

AIA COO Peter Prowitt, Sen. Leahy, Sen. Shelby, AIA Pres. & CEO Eric Fanning
“Thank you to the Aerospace Industries Association for presenting me with the Wright Stuff Award.  This is a high honor.  I am proud of what Senator Inhofe, Senator Leahy, and I have been able to accomplish in this space.  The safety and security of our nation is paramount, which is why I have supported the aerospace and defense industry throughout my career.  There is no wiser investment than that of our military,” Sen. Shelby said.
“From the Wright Brothers’ first flight in 1903 to the unmanned electric aircraft of 2022, aerospace has connected us with places and people both near and far,” Sen. Leahy said. “I have always been proud to support Vermonters in the aerospace industry throughout its outstanding growth over my time in office, and I am proud to have worked with stakeholders across the industry. Senator Shelby and Senator Inhofe have been good partners, and always understood that when we work together our whole was greater than the sum of our individual parts. I am proud to be recognized as a champion of the aerospace industry because the economic impact of the industry has long helped support communities throughout Vermont, from Burlington to Rutland to Brattleboro.  It is a great honor to accept this award from the Aerospace Industries Association.”
First elected to the Senate in 1994, Sen. Inhofe has championed two issues he views as Congress’s most important duties, defense and infrastructure. From 2018 to 2021, he chaired the Senate Armed Services Committee, and currently he serves as the committee’s Ranking Member, a role he also held from 2013-2015; in this capacity, he has played an integral role in passing the annual defense authorization bill to provide our military with the resources, training, and equipment needed to defend the country. A pilot with over 11,000 flight hours, Sen. Inhofe is a strong supporter of the aviation industry — in particular, the development of future aviation professionals.
A longtime advocate for the U.S. military and the manufacturing base that supports it, Sen. Shelby’s role on the Senate Committee on Appropriations as both Chair and Vice Chair will continue to have a lasting impact on the military, NASA, and our civil aviation system. Sen. Shelby has served the state of Alabama in both chambers of Congress as well as in the state legislature. He was first elected to the U.S. Senate in 1986 and is currently in his sixth term.
As leader of the Senate Committee on Appropriations and President Pro Tempore of the Senate, Sen. Leahy has been a supporter of the critical research and development (R&D) that underpins today’s renaissance in the A&D sector. Sen. Leahy came to the Senate in 1974 when he was only 34 years old and has been a member of the Appropriations Committee for 40 years. 
For nearly three decades, Sens. Shelby and Leahy both led congressional delegation trips to the Farnborough and Paris Air Shows, critical convening opportunities for industry, government partners, and thought leaders.
“The Wright Stuff Award,” created in 2020, is named after the inspiring Wright brothers whose ideas and inventions ushered in the age of flight, and in turn, transformed the world. The award recognizes individuals who have made major and measurable contributions to the U.S. aerospace and defense industry.

[title:]ICYMI: AIA’s Fanning Talks R&D with Fox News’ Bret Baier
[date:]December 5, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Dec. 5, 2022) – – In case you missed it, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning last week joined Special Report with Bret Baier to talk about why Congress must include a fix to research and development (R&D) tax amortization in any year-end legislation.
From the B-21, to the Artemis 1 mission, to the James Webb Space Telescope, Fanning discussed how critical R&D underpins today’s renaissance in the aerospace and defense (A&D) sector and how, without a fix from Congress, the U.S. is losing ground in growing competition with China. Watch the full interview here.


Last week, AIA also led a coalition of 14 top A&D companies in a letter urging congressional leaders to address R&D tax amortization by the end of the year. Since the tax requirement took effect at the beginning of 2022, AIA has repeatedly advocated for Congress to reverse course on the harmful change, including an op-ed in Breaking Defense and an earlier letter from a wide range of A&D companies. 

[title:]AIA Statement on House Passage of Bipartisan National Defense Authorization Act
[date:]December 8, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Dec. 8, 2022) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today praised House passage of the Senate amendment to H.R. 7776, the James M. Inhofe National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) for Fiscal Year 2023. 
“The aerospace and defense industry – along with the 2.1 million Americans who make up its workforce – are one of our military’s most important partners, and this year’s National Defense Authorization Act strengthens that partnership. The broad support for strong investment in our national security sends an unequivocal message to our allies and adversaries alike: America’s defense and deterrence remains a top priority. The NDAA backs up this investment with meaningful policy that will enable the Department of Defense and industry to move faster to support our allies and partners, including Ukraine and Taiwan, and to bolster our own security. 
“We urge the Senate to pass this legislation as quickly as possible. Similarly, we urge Congress to follow through on the tenets of this bill and provide stable, sustained funding for the Department of Defense and the rest of the federal government.” 
Among other priorities, AIA advocated for contract flexibility that will allow the Pentagon to work with industry to mitigate the effects of inflation. 

[title:]Aerospace & Defense Industry Honors Rep. Cooper with “Wright Stuff Award”
[date:]December 2, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Dec. 2, 2022) – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) presented “The Wright Stuff Award” to Representative Jim Cooper (D-TN-05) in recognition of his leadership and policy contributions to America’s space national security during his tenure in the United States Congress.
“On behalf of the 2.1 million employees working in aerospace and defense, it’s an honor to present our ‘Wright Stuff Award’ to one of America’s greatest champions for a resilient national security space enterprise: Representative Jim Cooper. His decades of advocacy have fundamentally changed the way the U.S. approaches the space domain, including his integral role in the establishment of U.S. Space Force. Because of his efforts, America is in a stronger, more secure position in our national security,” said AIA President and CEO Eric Fanning.
“It’s an honor to receive this award. For much of my time in Congress, our space defense systems had largely been overlooked. The power of the U.S. Space Force is that it quickens the imagination and it defends America. We must continue working together to keep America safe and strong,” said Rep. Cooper.
A longtime advocate for the military to have a dedicated focus on protecting and defending U.S. assets in space, Rep. Cooper was a leader in the establishment of the U.S. Space Force and the reestablishment of U.S. Space Command. Rep. Cooper chairs the Strategic Forces Subcommittee that oversees the nation’s nuclear installations and satellites and sits on the Committee on Oversight and Reform, Committee on Budget, and the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. Rep. Cooper has served the state of Tennessee in Congress for over 30 years.
“The Wright Stuff Award,” created in 2020, is named after the inspiring Wright brothers whose ideas and inventions ushered in the age of flight, and in turn, transformed the world. The award recognizes individuals who have made major and measurable contributions to the U.S. aerospace and defense industry.

[title:]AIA Statement on New Department of Defense Contract Finance Study
[date:]April 10, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (April 10, 2023) – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today issued the following statement on the Department of Defense’s (DOD) just-released contract finance study:
“With all the challenges industry has been facing recently — from inflation to supply chain disruptions to extraordinary demand — the Aerospace Industries Association welcomes the Department of Defense’s focus on how it does business with its industry partners. Cash flow drives our companies’ investments in talent and innovation and is the lifeblood of small businesses and specialized suppliers that support both military and civil aviation manufacturing. We are initially encouraged by the report’s recommendations for incentives for strong contract performance and improved training for DOD’s acquisition workforce, and we will continue to work with DOD leaders and Congress to improve our nation’s ability to put the very best capabilities into the hands of our warfighters.”

[title:]Tax Day Looms: Aerospace and Defense Industry Calls for Urgent R&D Tax Code Reform
[date:]April 7, 2023
[content:]Congress must pass the American Innovation and Jobs Act to keep America’s competitive edge, support A&D workforce 
Tax Day is right around the corner, and for many businesses, it’s a time to reflect on the state of their finances and plan for the year ahead. But for the aerospace and defense (A&D) industry, there is a pressing issue that Congress must address immediately: a recent change to the research and development (R&D) tax code that is handcuffing American innovation and jeopardizing our global competitiveness.  
Research and development is at the core of the A&D industry. The cutting-edge, highly advanced innovation and technologies made by American A&D companies not only support our national and economic security, but also enable and empower countless facets of modern life – and exist in part because of a U.S. tax code that helped enable significant private investments in R&D.  
The U.S. tax code has historically recognized that incentives are the key to innovation and supported private investment in R&D, which has been instrumental to America’s technological superiority for generations. Since the 1950s, businesses have been able to deduct qualifying U.S. R&D expenditures for federal tax purposes in the year they were incurred. But last year, a tax change went into effect that requires a business to amortize R&D expenses over five years, significantly reducing the incentives for private investment in R&D. 
For example, U.S. companies investing $100 in R&D are now only able to deduct up to $20 per year over the five-year amortization period, instead of $100 all at once — resulting in a significant loss in cash flow. Less cash means fewer dollars for critical R&D and the highly skilled jobs that support it. Today, 71 percent of U.S. R&D spending originates in the private sector, and nearly 70 percent of that is spending is used for salary and wages. If this tax change stays in place, the country risks losing over 260,000 jobs and $82 billion in Gross Domestic Product (GDP) in 2023 alone. We also risk continuing the decline in real private investment in R&D, which began in the two final consecutive quarters of last year – the first time private investment in R&D has dropped in seven years. With less private investment in R&D, our nation will continue to lag in high-tech skills and expertise necessary to produce vital technologies and remain competitive globally.  
Meanwhile, the Chinese government is doubling down on incentives for innovation. In 2020, China set a record for R&D spending, totaling $378 billion. China has extended its super deduction for R&D expenses for manufacturing companies to an extra 100 percent of eligible R&D expenses in addition to actual expenses incurred. That means a manufacturing company that undertakes $100 of R&D in China would deduct $200, or 10 times as much as much as a company would deduct in the U.S. under this new policy, according to the Congressional Research Service. 
American companies have always played a leading role in advancing the technology we need to maintain our edge, especially in the defense sector. We must use every tool at our disposal to emphasize and encourage research and development like China does and remain competitive on the global stage. 
This Tax Day, Congress has the opportunity to do exactly that. The American Innovation and Jobs Act (S. 866) can reverse the harmful R&D tax change and support American innovation and global competitiveness. Congress should take up and pass the American Innovation and Jobs Act today to send a signal around the globe that the U.S. innovation base is second to none, and we are committed to keeping it that way.
[title:]Industry Leaders Call on Congress to Fix R&D Tax Change by Year End
[date:]December 2, 2022
[content:]R&D tax change undermines national security, ability to outpace China
Arlington, Va. (Dec. 1, 2022) – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) today led a coalition of 14 leading aerospace and defense companies in a letter urging congressional leaders to address research and development (R&D) tax amortization by the end of the year. At a time of growing competition with China, industry leaders point to data detailing China’s increasing incentives for R&D while American innovation has been handcuffed by this harmful tax change.
“While Congress is placing a renewed focus on fragilities in our supply chain and the erosion of America’s innovation in critical technologies compared to China, it is important to recognize the important role of the tax code in incentivizing the private sector, and particularly the aerospace and defense industry, to do what it always does best—research and develop the next generation of technologies to keep the warfighter and everyday Americans safe and maintain our global economic competitiveness,” the letter states.
In additions to AIA, the letter is signed by HII, Spirit AeroSystems, Andrews Aerospace, BAE Systems, Inc., Ball Aerospace, General Dynamics, HEICO Corporation, L3Harris Technologies, Inc., Leidos, Mercury Systems, Inc., Northrop Grumman Corporation, Raytheon Technologies, Textron, Inc., and Verify, Inc., showing support from companies of all sizes, across the industry, and across the country. 
Since January 2022, American companies are no longer able to immediately expense the full value of their investments in R&D in the year they were incurred. Now companies of all sizes must spread these costs over five years, making R&D more costly to conduct in the U.S. Since taking effect, AIA has repeatedly advocated for Congress to reverse course on the harmful tax change, including an op-ed in Breaking Defense and an earlier letter from 19 A&D companies. 
The full text of the letter is available here and below.  

November 30, 2022


The Honorable Chuck SchumerMajority LeaderUnited States SenateWashington, D.C. 20510The Honorable Mitch McConnellRepublican LeaderUnited States SenateWashington, D.C. 20510


The Honorable Nancy PelosiSpeakerUnited States House of RepresentativesWashington, D.C. 20515The Honorable Kevin McCarthyRepublican LeaderUnited States House of RepresentativesWashington, D.C. 20515



Dear Speaker Pelosi, Majority Leader Schumer, Republican Leader McConnell, and Republican Leader McCarthy:The urgency of restoring the full deductibility of Research and Development (R&D) expenses by year end cannot be understated. Congress must address this harmful tax change in any end-of-year legislation.It is more clear than ever before that U.S. competition with China is growing and exacerbated every day that we continue to handcuff American innovation. While Congress is placing a renewed focus on fragilities in our supply chain and the erosion of America’s innovation in critical technologies compared to China, it is important to recognize the important role of the tax code in incentivizing the private sector, and particularly the aerospace and defense industry, to do what it always does best—research and develop the next generation of technologies to keep the warfighter and everyday Americans safe and maintain our global economic competitiveness.Between 2000 and 2019, China’s share of global R&D rose nearly 488 percent, from 4.9 percent to 23.9 percent.1 At the same time, China extended its super deduction for R&D expenses for manufacturing companies to an extra 100 percent of eligible R&D expenses in addition to actual expenses incurred. That means for every $100 spent on innovation, Chinese companies can deduct $200, ten times more than American companies in a similar situation.These financial implications undermine our national security and our ability to outpace the growing China threat. As leaders of America’s leading aerospace and defense companies, we urge you to close out the 117th Congress by addressing the R&D amortization requirement and in doing so, taking strong action to strengthen our global R&D posture relative to China and other nations.Respectfully,


Eric FanningPresident & CEOAerospace Industries AssociationChristopher D. KastnerPresident & CEOHIIThomas Gentile IIIPresident & CEOSpirit AeroSystems


Phebe N. NovakovicChairman & CEOGeneral Dynamics
Eric A. MendelsonCo-PresidentHEICO Corporation
Christopher E. KubasikChair & CEOL3Harris Technologies, Inc.


Gregory J. HayesChairman & CEORaytheon TechnologiesScott C. DonnellyChairman & CEOTextron, Inc.Kathleen BoyleChairman & CEOVerify, Inc.




Sol D. KanthackPresidentAndrews AerospaceThomas A. ArseneaultPresident & CEOBAE Systems, Inc.
Dr. Dave KaufmanPresidentBall Aerospace


Roger A. KroneChairman & CEOLeidos
Mark AslettPresident & CEOMercury Systems, Inc.Kathy J. WardenChair, CEO & PresidentNorthrop Grumman Corporation






cc:Senator Ron WydenChair, Senate Finance CommitteeSenator Mike CrapoRanking Member, Senate Finance CommitteeCongressman Richard NealChair, House Ways and Means CommitteeCongressman Kevin BradyRanking Member, House Ways and Means Committee
[title:]AIA’s Fanning: Hassan, Young R&D Bill Prevents Job Loss, Spurs Innovation
[date:]March 31, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (March 30, 2023) – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) today sent a letter of support to Senators Maggie Hassan (D-N.H.) and Todd Young (R-Ind.) for Senate Bill 866, the American Innovation and Jobs Act, legislation to restore the full tax deductibility of research and development (R&D) expenses. In the letter, AIA President and CEO Eric Fanning wrote that if Congress does not act soon, the U.S. could lose more than 260,000 jobs and $82 billion in GDP in 2023 alone, all while giving up ground in growing competition with China. 
“Our members are America’s leading designers and manufacturers of commercial aircraft, engines, satellites, and launch vehicles. These cutting-edge, highly advanced innovations and technologies not only provide for America’s national and economic security, but they also enable and empower countless facets of modern life – and exist in part because of a U.S. tax code that supported significant private investments in R&D,” Fanning writes. “However, last year’s change to the tax code requiring R&D expenses to be amortized over five years has challenged industry’s ability to continue these and other investments.”
“AIA urges the Senate Finance Committee to consider S. 866 in short order and congressional leadership to bring it to the Senate floor for a vote soon after,” he concludes.
The full letter is available here and below. Read more about the importance of Congress fixing the R&D tax change here.

March 30, 2023
Dear Senator Hassan and Senator Young:
On behalf of the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA), which represents more than 320 American aerospace and defense companies, thank you for your leadership in addressing the need to restore the full tax deductibility of research and development (R&D) expenses. 
Our members are America’s leading designers and manufacturers of commercial aircraft, engines, satellites, and launch vehicles. These cutting-edge, highly advanced innovations and technologies not only provide for America’s national and economic security, but they also enable and empower countless facets of modern life – and exist in part because of a U.S. tax code that supported significant private investments in R&D. However, last year’s change to the tax code requiring R&D expenses to be amortized over five years has challenged industry’s ability to continue these and other investments. Your legislation, S. 866, is crucial to ensuring the incentive to invest in the innovation continues for decades to come.
If S. 866 is not enacted soon, the country risks losing over 260,000 jobs and $82 billion in GDP in 2023 alone.[1] Moreover, we risk continuing the decline in real private investment in R&D, which began in the two final consecutive quarters of last year[2] – the first time private investment in R&D has dropped in seven years. We must retain our competitive edge particularly in the aerospace and defense industry, not only to benefit the U.S. economy, but also to outpace the growing China threat. Chinese companies can already deduct 10 times more on R&D expenses than U.S. companies as a result of their super deduction enacted in 2019.[3] Rather than allow ourselves to fall behind, we must incentivize R&D to create the next generation of technologies that keep our troops and everyday Americans safe.
AIA urges the Senate Finance Committee to consider S. 866 in short order and congressional leadership to bring it to the Senate floor for a vote soon after. Doing so will prevent the loss of jobs and spur the innovation necessary to ensure America’s future competitiveness. Delaying action risks the permanent loss of private R&D spending as budgets are trimmed and projects are shelved. We must avoid this self-inflicted injury.
We thank you again for your leadership on this issue and for introducing this timely, critical bill. 
Respectfully,
Eric Fanning
President and CEO

[1] https://www.nam.org/new-data-taxing-rd-will-cost-u-s-more-than-260000-jobs-next-year-if-congress-doesnt-act-19948/
[2][2] U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis, “Table 5.3.1. Percent Change From Preceding Period in Real Private Fixed Investment by Type“.
[3] https://crsreports.congress.gov/product/pdf/R/R45403 

[title:]Aerospace Industries Association, NASA Sign Space Act Agreement To Inspire Future Workforce
[date:]March 28, 2023
[content:]Photo: Deputy Administrator Pam Melroy (third from left) at ceremonial Space Act Agreement announcement on March 28, 2023 with Aerospace Industries Association President and CEO Eric Fanning (third from right).  L to R Savannah Horton, Katrina Hill, NASA Deputy Administrator Pam Melroy, AIA President & CEO Eric Fanning, Mike Kincaid, Mike French. 
Arlington, VA – Built on the shared interest in attracting diverse groups of students to STEM and aerospace, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) announced today it signed a Space Act Agreement with National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) to inspire the next generation of aerospace and STEM professionals. The agreement will enable AIA to expand upon its award-winning American Rocketry Challenge program to create opportunities that broaden student participation in aerospace and provide connections to NASA’s Artemis program and other NASA missions.
The partnership’s first initiative will launch in Summer 2023 and engage second through sixth grade students from historically excluded backgrounds in STEM to the field of aerospace through a pilot program developed for clubs and summer camps. As part of the agreement, NASA experts will meet with students to share technical rocketry expertise, career advice, STEM education lessons and resources.
“Together with NASA, we’re working to ignite the spark of innovation in a new generation of leaders and to launch them on a trajectory towards a bright and exciting future in STEM,” said AIA President and CEO Eric Fanning. “Through intentional and inclusive outreach, we’re empowering students from all backgrounds to reach for the stars and unlock a world of untold possibilities in the aerospace industry.”
The pilot program will target traditionally underrepresented students in STEM from urban and rural areas, tribal communities, and youth-serving organizations. It will be provided free of charge and include physical and virtual content to spark interest in STEM, aerospace, and NASA missions. AIA intends to scale the program up to reach additional audiences upon completion of the pilot.
“Our nation is just beginning a brand-new chapter in human spaceflight with Artemis, so this is a critical time to engage tomorrow’s aerospace workforce,” said Mike Kincaid, associate administrator of NASA’s Office of STEM Engagement. “Rocketry is a fantastic way to introduce students to STEM careers and get them thinking about their own dreams and abilities.”
Since 2002, the American Rocketry Challenge has engaged 90,000 middle and high school students from across the United States to design, build and launch model rockets capable of meeting rigorous mission parameters. Program alumni are working on missions that are taking us back to the Moon, to Mars, and even traveling to space themselves.
On March 2, 2023, American Rocketry Challenge alum Warren “Woody” Hoburg flew to the International Space Station as the mission pilot for a six-month mission as part of NASA’s SpaceX Crew-6. Woody participated in the first-ever American Rocketry Challenge in 2002, then known as the Team America Rocketry Challenge, as a North Allegheny High School (Pennsylvania) team member.
“Launching to space is, literally, rocket science that requires tens of thousands of hours of planning, design, and testing,” continued Fanning. “It requires diverse teams to create the best plan and rocket together. Our students garner this invaluable experience firsthand as they launch rockets through the American Rocketry Challenge and, soon, through the pilot program. We’re thrilled to see Woody on the Space Station and can’t wait to watch countless more program alumni coming together at NASA and across the industry to send one another to space.”
Learn more about the American Rocketry Challenge here: www.rocketcontest.org

[title:]AIA Statement on Bipartisan Senate Bill Repealing Harmful R&D Tax Change
[date:]March 22, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (March 22, 2023) – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today issued the following statement on the introduction of the American Innovation and Jobs Act, a bill to repeal the research and development (R&D) tax policy change that took effect last year.
“Congress once again has the opportunity to reverse course on the harmful R&D tax policy and send a message to our adversaries that the U.S. is serious about investments in our innovation base and national security.
“American companies have always played a leading role in advancing the technology we need to maintain our competitive edge, especially in the defense sector. We must use every tool at our disposal to encourage R&D and remain competitive on the global stage.
“As China continues to double down on incentives for research and development, we urge Congress to swiftly take up and pass this critical legislation.”

[title:]AIA Statement on Defense Priorities in President Biden’s FY24 Budget
[date:]March 9, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (March 9, 2023) – Today, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning issued the following statement outlining AIA’s defense priorities in President Biden’s Fiscal Year 2024 budget:
“At just over a year since Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and at a time of growing tension in the Indo-Pacific, the world is more dangerous than ever. We must ensure that America’s deterrence and defense capabilities can meet this moment.
“As a key partner in defending America, the U.S. aerospace and defense industry relies on the Administration’s budget request as a roadmap for investments in innovative technology, a resilient supply chain, and a vibrant workforce.  We need strong investment to meet the Administration’s National Defense Strategy, address inflation, and build up key munitions and production lines — not only to maintain our own stockpiles but also to support our allies and partners.
“We look forward to working with the Administration and Congress to support our national security and ensure America’s defense capabilities remain strong.”

[title:]AIA Statement on Civil Aviation Priorities in President Biden’s FY24 Budget
[date:]March 9, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (March 9, 2023) – Today, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning issued the following statement outlining AIA’s civil aviation priorities in President Biden’s Fiscal Year 2024 budget:
“Recent headlines have shown the importance of sufficient investment in the FAA, and with FAA reauthorization and important deadlines related to 5G deployment on the horizon this year, the President’s FY24 budget comes during a pivotal time for our industry. We must remain focused on maintaining U.S. leadership in aviation safety, modernizing airspace to allow for safe integration of innovative new technologies, and achieving our efficiency and sustainability goals. Working together with the Administration and Congress, we can ensure our aerospace sector remains competitive, innovative, and resilient in the years to come.”

[title:]AIA Statement on Space Priorities in President Biden’s FY24 Budget
[date:]March 9, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (March 9, 2023) – Today, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning issued the following statement outlining AIA’s space priorities in President Biden’s Fiscal Year 2024 budget:
“The Biden Administration’s FY24 budget comes at an important, exciting time for the U.S. space sector. Over the last few years, the world has been awed by the James Webb Space Telescope, Artemis 1 launch, and Commercial Crew programs — all historic achievements made possible by bipartisan, multiyear commitment and investment. AIA and our member companies look forward to continued bipartisan support from the Administration and Congress for investments in exploration, science, and technology; our future workforce at NASA and NOAA; and to further our national security space leadership. These efforts must be accompanied by support for critical functions at the Department of Commerce and FAA to enable commercial space activity, maintain U.S. global competitiveness, and ensure a sustainable space environment.”

[title:]AIA Statement on Conventional Arms Transfer Policy Release
[date:]February 23, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Feb. 23, 2023) – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today released the following statement on the Biden Administration’s release of new Conventional Arms Transfer policy:“The Conventional Arms Transfer (CAT) policy is a critical signal to U.S. industry, partners and allies, and stakeholders on how the U.S. government handles arms transfers. AIA and the U.S. aerospace and defense industry welcome the release of the updated policy by the Biden Administration.“The one-year anniversary of the brutal fighting in Ukraine reminds us of the global sense of urgency needed to address simultaneous threats to peace and security. The U.S. will now transition from giving weapons to Ukraine to selling weapons to Ukraine, while also restocking U.S. supplies and further outfitting our partners and allies to address pacing threats in the Indo-Pacific. The arms transfer process is too slow and impedes our ability to get critical capabilities delivered when and where they are needed the most. Time is of the essence; a clear and unambiguous CAT policy is essential to meeting the urgency of the moment. “We simply must reduce the time it takes to make critical arms transfer decisions. The CAT policy’s modernization and supply chain resiliency goals, along with the Department of Defense’s ‘Tiger Team’ and other ongoing government assessments, are a good start. However, we need urgent, senior-level action. Our industry has provided clear and actionable recommendations to improve the arms transfer process, and we remain hopeful those recommendations will be taken up with immediate effect.“We look forward to our ongoing work with the U.S. government, the Congress, partners and allies, and other stakeholders on finding ways to improve the overall arms transfer process to meet the peace and security challenges of our time.”

[title:]AIA Applauds Reestablishment of House Aerospace Caucus
[date:]February 17, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Feb. 17, 2023) – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) welcomes the announcement of the reestablishment of the House Aerospace Caucus. Chaired by Rep. Ron Estes (R-Kansas), the House Aerospace Caucus will work to maintain U.S. global aerospace leadership, highlight the critical work that organizations and employees perform, engage members and staff on challenges facing the industry, and address legislative issues impacting aerospace.“With a workforce 2.1 million strong and a footprint in every state, the U.S. aerospace and defense industry is one of America’s most enduring, strategic assets – well-deserving of the attention of the revamped House Aerospace Caucus. As Congress prepares FAA reauthorization legislation and our industry continues to navigate pandemic recovery and economic challenges, we look forward to working with the caucus to ensure that our workforce thrives and the U.S. continues to lead the world in aviation safety, innovation, and sustainability,” said Eric Fanning, President and CEO of the Aerospace Industries Association. “We appreciate Chairman Estes’ leadership and commitment to our industry.“As the representative of the Air Capital of the World, I take great pride in my fellow Kansans’ innovative work in the aerospace industry,” said House Aerospace Caucus Chairman Estes. “The House Aerospace Caucus is comprised of a bipartisan group of members that understand the importance of U.S. aerospace excellence. I look forward to working with my colleagues to develop legislative solutions and showcase the achievements of the aviation, defense and space industries and workforce.”“The aerospace industry makes significant contributions to the economic strength and national security of the U.S.,” said Tom Gentile, President and CEO of Spirit AeroSystems, and Aerospace Industries Association Chairman. “The reinstitution of the House Aerospace Caucus provides an opportunity to further advance an industry that is creating technological innovation and well-paying jobs in engineering and manufacturing for the U.S. economy. I am excited to work with Chairman Estes and caucus members to promote American aviation.”As the birthplace of flight, the House Aerospace Caucus promotes the critical work of the United States aviation, defense, and space industries and supports our global aerospace leadership. U.S. aerospace and defense (A&D) employs more than 2.1 million skilled Americans, with employees in every state. A&D powers the U.S. economy, generating $892 billion in combined sales in 2021, in addition to $391 billion in economic value – representing 1.7% of total nominal GDP in the U.S.

[title:]AIA, NDIA, PSC Urge Department of Defense to Modernize Foreign Military Sales System
[date:]February 23, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Feb. 23, 2023) – Top defense trade associations the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA), the National Defense Industrial Association (NDIA), and the Professional Services Council (PSC) today released their recommendations to modernize elements of the U.S. Foreign Military Sales (FMS) system.
The report, “FMS Modernization: U.S. Industry Feedback to the Department of Defense Foreign Military Sales (FMS) Tiger Team,” was first solicited by the Department of Defense’s new “tiger team” that was established in summer 2022 to modernize the process by which the United States sells military equipment to its allies and partners.
The report, compiled in fall 2022 based on the “lived, shared experience” of former U.S. government officials and industry organizations, urges swift, comprehensive changes to modernize the decades-old system for the current and future threat environment. These changes will also help to integrate our allies’ advanced technology contributions into the work of the U.S. defense industrial base.
“Ukraine underscores the effectiveness of international cooperation when the Department of Defense commits to using all tools at its disposal to support our allies and partners. The Foreign Military Sales system has the potential to be an incredibly effective tool for deterrence, but it operates like the Cold War-era system it is: slowly and inflexibly,” said the Hon. Eric Fanning, AIA President and CEO. “Our recommendations will help the Pentagon build a more nimble, modern, and strategic Foreign Military Sales system that will strengthen our alliances and partnerships and bolster national security.”
“In Great Power Competition, the U.S. has two strategic advantages – our Allies and partners and our innovative defense industrial base,” said the Hon. David L. Norquist, President and CEO of NDIA. “The proposed reforms to modernize our foreign military sales process are critical in order to increase interoperability and capacity of our Allies and partners and to improve the transparency and predictability industry partners need to support the Department of Defense in fully realizing the benefits of this powerful foreign policy tool to support the National Defense Strategy.”
“For too long, FMS has focused on transactional processes, with too little attention to impact and results,” added the Hon. David Berteau, President & CEO of the Professional Services Council. “Ultimately, successful deterrence complicates the thinking of an adversary and reduces the risk of war. One of the top lessons from Ukraine is the importance of logistics. Demonstrated sustainment capability can dramatically increase deterrence, and implementing these recommendations will increase that capability and reduce the chances of conflict.”
The associations’ recommendations center around seven core themes:

Accessible and transparent communication;
A strategic and creative FMS process;
A resourced and flexible acquisition process;
Defense export financing and the expansion of DoD’s Special Defense Acquisition Fund;
A modern technology release process;
Improved exportability; and
Enhanced support of Non-Program of Record (NPOR) systems.

Find the full report here (pdf).
[title:]6 Key Takeaways from this Week’s Hearing on the DIB
[date:]February 10, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Feb. 10, 2023) – In case you missed it, this week the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning testified before the House Armed Services Committee in a hearing on the state of the defense industrial base. Here are six key takeaways from the hearing.

Watch Fanning’s opening statement and find his written testimony here.
#1. The condition of today’s DIB isn’t because of the war in Ukraine, but years of spending decisions
“The condition of the industry today is not the result of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, but of successive decisions made over many years. Federal policy and investment in our national# defense can be summed up in two words: unpredictable and inconsistent. Over the last 25 years, Congress has passed more than 120 continuing resolutions, instead of on-time appropriations bills.” 
#2. Government investment is key to securing critical mineral supply chain from China
“It took us years to get to where we are built on different policies with China. As we pivot and try to extricate ourselves, particularly on the national security side, it’s going to take time, shared effort, and a sense of urgency. 
“When you look at it from the lens of national security, it’s important for government and industry to work together and figure out what each needs to do. In this particular case, investment on the part of government to get that market and capability started so that the industry side then has a source it can turn to would be critically important because we’ve lost that capability.” 
#3. Strong public-private partnerships amplify industry’s creative approach to workforce challenges
“There is a lot that private industry does to try and make up the [skills] gap. We have a large aerospace company in Kansas that recruits off of farms because at least they’re thinking they’re finding people who know how to operate heavy machinery. They are in schools. They are doing their own apprenticeship programs. They are leaning far into this because of the problems the workforce has. When they find a willing partner at the state and local level, it just makes it that much more interesting. And you can see pockets around the country — Alabama, Colorado —where all the different stakeholders came together and had successes growing organic capability.” 
#4. Inconsistency, inflation drive small businesses out of DIB
“That speaks to the inconsistency we have been talking about, particularly for small businesses in the defense industrial base, and now you have inflation on top of that. As we’ve discussed, the supply chain is not walled off from the industrial base, it’s shared. And in inflationary times, there’s all sorts of incentives to move to the commercial side. We have companies that are not getting deliveries from their suppliers, who are willing to pay the penalty on the defense side, because due to inflation they can get more even with the penalty by delivering either all or some of what they’re due to defense companies to a commercial client.” 
#5. Challenges breaking into the DIB hurts potential new entrants more than consolidation
“I don’t think consolidation is what’s to blame for the shrinking number of companies doing business with the Department of Defense. If you look at non-defense companies doing business with the Department of Defense, that’s shrunk even more. Consolidation – at the prime level – was by design in the ‘90s when the Pentagon realized we aren’t going to be buying as much. Part of competition is having competitions, and the Department of Defense determined we have too many companies for what we’re going to be buying in the future and started the process of consolidation. 
“Consolidation can be a very important tool for growth for large companies. It can be an important tool for small companies to access capital, to access workforce, processes, expertise, and so forth to continue to develop what it is that they’re growing. It’s an important part of every industry’s evolution. I think the real thing to look at in the DIB is why is it so hard for new entrants to break in. The Department has always been difficult to work with for obvious and important reasons, but I think over time it’s becoming increasingly difficult. As more technology is developed outside the Department, versus in the 1960s, it’s ever more important we find the way to let those new entrants in and grow the DIB with new entrants. That’s a part of what goes hat and hand with consolidation.” 
#6. FMS process must reflect sense of urgency
“We are poised for peace — our sense of urgency, our processes, how we invest. We have to move dramatically away from that to a sense of urgency. The [foreign military sales] system is certainly part of that, and it’s only going to get worse. When we transition from giving things to Ukraine to selling things to Ukraine, it’s going to grind down to a very slow process when it goes through the foreign military sales system. 
“There are a number of things we have to do. We have to streamline the process and change the presumption that’s built into the process from the start to the finish. It’s really going to take dedicated senior leader attention to make sure this moves through the process.”

[title:]Aerospace & Defense Industry Outlines Priorities for Biden’s SOTU Address
[date:]February 7, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Feb. 7, 2023) – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today issues the following statement ahead of President Joe Biden’s State of the Union address:“Our industry is one of the nation’s most enduring assets and one of the Administration’s most important partners, especially as tensions with China grow and the war in Ukraine continues. At a time when the world is more dangerous than ever, the 2.1 million unsung heroes of the U.S. aerospace and defense industry are a key part of America’s asymmetric advantage over our adversaries and our ability to deter war. For over 100 years, these men and women have given back to our country by supporting our national security and economic successes. Our industry hopes tonight’s address provides a clear vision for the Administration’s priorities and presents opportunities for strengthened partnership.“Our industry stands ready to work with the Administration on policies that elevate U.S. global leadership in aerospace; support national security through adequate, stable, and predictable funding; advance the innovative technologies that will power the return to the moon and achieve a more sustainable aviation future; and deter our adversaries.”

[title:]Aerospace Industries Association Details Priorities in President’s Budget
[date:]February 6, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Feb. 6, 2023) – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today released the following statement on the association’s priorities for the fiscal year 2024 president’s budget request:
“As the administration puts the finishing touches on its budget for the 2024 fiscal year, it is essential that the request reflects the fact that America’s national security is an enduring responsibility that requires adequate, stable, and predictable funding. With the ongoing Russian invasion of Ukraine and other serious security threats on the horizon, we must ensure America’s deterrence capabilities are stronger than ever.
“Because of our world-class force and cutting-edge technologies, our enemies know that the advantage rests in our favor. The defense industrial base is a key part of that – giving our troops the equipment, weapons, and munitions needed to defer and, if necessary, defeat our adversaries. But given the existing demands on the industry, years of inconsistent policy and funding decisions, and a more recent set of challenges, including record high inflation, the defense industrial base is under enormous pressure. 
“Given this landscape, we continue to recommend that federal investment in national defense increases at a pace sufficient to meet the National Defense Strategy and address inflation. In addition, the ongoing situation in Ukraine has highlighted the need for additional investment in key munitions and production lines — not only to maintain our own stockpiles but also to support our allies and partners. In addition, continuing to expand multi-year contract authority will provide certainty and stability to industry to meet the national security needs of our country.
“Federal support for national security is not limited to the Department of Defense, and we also encourage the administration to prioritize American global leadership in aerospace and scientific innovation. 
“When Congress receives this year’s budget, we encourage them to prioritize the timely review and oversight of the request, and to prioritize consideration of annual appropriations bills under regular order. In no uncertain times, the worst thing for our national security and economy would be to abdicate this authority and ignore the very real threats facing our country.”

[title:]Aerospace and Defense Industry Pushes Back on Arbitrary Budget Cuts
[date:]January 19, 2023
[content:]AIA’s Fanning: Congress Must Utilize Budget Process to Enhance National Security, Global Leadership, and Economic Growth
Arlington, Va. (Jan. 19, 2023) – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) is pushing back on proposed federal budget cuts and calling on Congress protect funding for the Department of Defense (DoD), National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), and the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA). In a new letter to congressional leaders, AIA President and CEO Eric Fanning writes that capping the federal discretionary budget at arbitrary levels will cause dangerous levels of budget instability.
“While we commend Members of Congress for the desire to act as responsible stewards of taxpayer dollars, cutting spending for our national defense and other key agencies like NASA and the FAA does just the opposite,” Fanning said.
“Congress must continue bipartisan support for strong investments in the DoD, which received overwhelming bipartisan bicameral support as recently as December and consistently over the last few years,” Fanning continues. “Likewise, Americans depend on the FAA to maintain and improve the highest levels of aviation safety, and for NASA to help maintain our global lead in space research and exploration.”
Fanning also urged Congress to avoid a debt ceiling debate and end reliance on continuing resolutions and government shutdowns as a means of governing.
“American families and businesses continue to struggle under very real and serious economic conditions like inflation, workforce difficulties, and ongoing supply chain disruptions. Uncertainty emanating from Washington would exacerbate these already serious challenges.”Full text of the letter is available here and below.

January 17, 2023
Dear Speaker McCarthy, Majority Leader Schumer, Republican Leader McConnell, and Democratic Leader Jeffries:On behalf of the Aerospace Industries Association, which represents more than 300 of the nation’s most innovative and integral aerospace and defense suppliers and manufacturers and more than 2.1 million employees across the country, I write today with significant concerns related to proposed arbitrary federal budget cuts as the 118th Congress begins. While we commend Members of Congress for the desire to act as responsible stewards of taxpayer dollars, cutting spending for our national defense and other key agencies like National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) and the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) does just the opposite. We urge this Congress to thoughtfully consider all aspects of the federal budget and utilize the budget process wisely to enhance America’s security, as well as our global leadership and economic growth.Congress must continue bipartisan support for strong investments in the Department of Defense (DoD), which received overwhelming bipartisan bicameral support as recently as December and consistently over the last few years. America’s national security is an enduring responsibility that requires adequate, stable, and predictable funding. Such certainty is essential to our industrial base, which is a key part of America’s asymmetric advantage and our ability to deter war. Our allies and our adversaries are watching; we must meet the moment unified in our shared mission to protect the American people and our values. At a time when the world is more dangerous than ever, we cannot send mixed signals about our commitment to national security.Likewise, Americans depend on the FAA to maintain and improve the highest levels of aviation safety, and for NASA to help maintain our global lead in space research and exploration. The FAA, for example, is in the middle of a significant reform of its aircraft certification process – directed by Congress in bipartisan fashion – that requires additional resources for staffing, training, and execution. At the same time, our global economic leadership in aircraft design is being challenged by China and other nations, and NASA’s aeronautics research is vital to confronting that challenge.You, as our national leaders, must produce a budget that addresses fiscal concerns, while also protecting programs vital to our national security, the safety of our citizens, and U.S. global competitiveness. This will require careful analysis each year in the budget and appropriations process, rather than fixed and arbitrary budget caps that caused such turmoil and uncertainty during the years that the Budget Control Act was in place. Moreover, it is important to remember that discretionary spending is only 30 percent of the overall federal budget each year, so serious attempts to address fiscal and debt concerns must be focused more broadly if they are to be effective over the long term. Capping the federal discretionary budget at arbitrary levels, as has been suggested by some, would only return America to the dangerous and paralyzing levels of budget instability from which our military is still recovering.Beyond providing adequate investment, Congress must avoid a protracted debt ceiling debate and end its reliance on continuing resolutions and government shutdowns as a means of governing. American families and businesses continue to struggle under very real and serious economic conditions like inflation, workforce difficulties, and ongoing supply chain disruptions. Uncertainty emanating from Washington would exacerbate these already serious challenges.Congress has the responsibility for upholding the commitments they make to the American people, and we urge them find common ground and common cause when it comes to governing.The aerospace and defense industry looks forward to working with you on responsible investments in the DoD, FAA, and NASA that ensure America continues to innovate and remains competitive on the world stage.Respectfully,
Eric FanningPresident & CEOAerospace Industries Association

[title:]Fanning: Congress must send clear signals about enduring commitment to national security
[date:]January 9, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Jan. 9, 2023) – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today issued the following statement in response to reports regarding the defense budget topline for fiscal year (FY) 2024: 
“America’s national security is an enduring responsibility that requires adequate, stable, and predictable funding. Such certainty is essential to our industrial base, which is a key part of America’s asymmetric advantage and our ability to deter war. Our allies and our adversaries are watching; we must meet the moment unified in our shared mission to protect the American people and our values. Just last month, Congress once again sent a clear message that national security is a top priority with broad, bipartisan, bicameral support for strong investments in our national defense. At a time when the world is more dangerous than ever, we cannot send mixed signals about our commitment to national security.”

[title:]AIA’s Fanning Becomes Chair of ICCAIA
[date:]January 5, 2023
[content:]MONTRÉAL – The International Coordinating Council of Aerospace Industries Associations (ICCAIA) today announced Eric Fanning, President and CEO of the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA), will start his two-year term as chair. Fanning assumes the role after Jan Pie, Secretary General of the Aerospace, Security, and Defence Industries Association of Europe (ASD).
“Aerospace and defense manufacturers are at the heart of the aviation ecosystem, and global partnerships are key to maintaining safety, security, and sustainability of that ecosystem,” Fanning said. “For the last two years, Jan has led ICCAIA with distinction, navigating challenges and creating exciting new opportunities for our industry globally. I look forward to stepping back into the role of chair after his exceptional leadership.”
“Over the last two years, ICCAIA and our members have made great strides towards achieving a safer, more sustainable future for aviation,” Pie said. “I am grateful for the opportunity to chair a great convening organization like ICCAIA, and I look forward to continued success under Eric’s leadership.”
ICCAIA is alternately chaired by the President and CEO of AIA and the Secretary General of Aerospace, Security, and Defence Industries Association of Europe (ASD), exchanging position every two years. There are two vice-chairs, one permanent, and one which rotates among the chief executives of the remaining member associations.
Find more information about ICCAIA, AIA, and ASD here.

[title:]U.S., U.K., Australian Aerospace and Defense Organizations: Leverage Industry to Unleash the Potential of AUKUS
[date:]March 8, 2023
[content:]AIA issues U.S.-specific reforms to modernize regulatory, bureaucratic systems to support U.S.-U.K.-Australian cooperation
(Arlington, Va.) Ahead of the next major milestone in the United States-United-Kingdom-Australia security pact known as AUKUS, the U.S. Aerospace Industries Association (AIA); ADS, the U.K. trade association for aerospace, defence, security and space organisations; and the Australian Industry Group (Ai Group) today released a joint paper outlining steps to reduce the trade, regulatory, and bureaucratic barriers that could hinder the historic partnership. 
To successfully operationalize the AUKUS security pact, the three organizations urge the U.S., the U.K., and Australia governments to work with industry to: 1) enhance trade and technology transfers; 2) eliminate bureaucratic and regulatory barriers impeding the timely delivery of capabilities; 3) build shared, robust, and resilient trade and contracting systems; and 4) share workforce talent and expertise and strengthen international collaboration.  
“As the producers and exporters of next-generation capabilities, the aerospace and defense industry will play an integral role as the United States, the United Kingdom, and Australia take our historic partnership from concept to reality,” said Eric Fanning, President and CEO of AIA. “Ukraine demonstrated that our current regulatory and bureaucratic systems are not designed to maximize speed, innovation, or technological integration — all of which are required to deter and prepare for future conflict. Through close coordination with our counterparts in the United Kingdom and Australia, we have identified pathways to reduce barriers to cooperation, deliver high-end capabilities faster, and make AUKUS a success.”  
“Rising geopolitical tensions require us to adapt rapidly to an ever-evolving threat environment while supporting a more resilient, sustainable, and high-tech society alongside our natural allies,” said Kevin Craven, ADS Chief Executive. “In this, the landmark partnership of AUKUS means international industry, Government, and the ADS-AIA-Ai Group trade associations must join forces to further collaborate in implementing the agreement, and ensuring operational success, whilst enhancing our three industrial bases. The U.K. is the second largest defence exporter in the world, providing our allies with outstanding defence capabilities. Stronger international partnerships will ensure the protection of the freedoms we value, and our continued security and stability.”
Mr. Innes Willox, Chief Executive, Ai Group, said, “This groundbreaking partnership with the AIA and ADS trade associations represents a significant milestone in growing the international defence industry voice, cementing our industry relationships with the U.S. and the U.K. and creating the practical steps to implement AUKUS from an industry perspective. The AUKUS security agreement will provide a new level of national security for Australia. However, there are important issues that must be addressed to underpin success, including reducing trade barriers, creating a cohesive industrial base and building the workforce. It is time to bring industry to the table to deliver the AUKUS capabilities that will be so fundamental to our national, regional and international security,” Mr. Willox said. 
Please click here to see the AIA-ADS-Ai Group document, “Industry’s Trilateral Take on Defining Success” for AUKUS. 
In addition, AIA released its recommendations for the U.S. to streamline the regulatory framework and policies for the advanced capabilities pillar of AUKUS that support international trade, collaboration, integration, and interoperability between the three nations.
These recommendations include:

Revising U.S. Code to give the U.K. and Australia licensing exemptions from International Trafficking and Arms Regulations (ITAR), similar to the current exemption for Canada.  
Amending the Defense Production Act (DPA), allowing projects in the United Kingdom, Australia, and New Zealand to be considered domestic projects, which recognizes the integrated nature of the defense industrial bases. The DPA currently only treats the U.S. and Canada as domestic sources.  
Establishing an “AUKUS Industry Forum,” where the shared industry partners could provide insight into AUKUS capability planning, development, and delivery with an additional focus on regulatory processes inhibiting cooperation.   

Click here to read AIA’s full set of recommendations.

[title:]AIA Statement on Convening of 118th Congress
[date:]January 3, 2023
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Jan. 3, 2023) – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today issued the following statement as the 118th Congress convenes:
“With a workforce more than 2.1 million strong, the aerospace and defense industry is one of Congress’ most important partners and one of our country’s greatest enduring advantages. While the dynamics on the Hill are ever changing, the need for strong and stable investments in our national and economic security should not waver. AIA stands ready to work with the 118th Congress to secure year-long government funding and help ensure continued American leadership in workforce, innovation, space exploration, and aviation safety.”

[title:]AIA Statement on Congress’ Failure to Address Harmful R&D Tax Requirement
[date:]December 21, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Dec. 21, 2022) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today released the following statement after the U.S. Congress failed to find a path forward to address a harmful research and development (R&D) tax amortization requirement before the end of the calendar year:
“American industry has always played a leading role in advancing the technologies needed to maintain our competitive edge, but it’s up to Congress to remove any roadblocks to innovation. It’s unfortunate that Congress couldn’t come together and pass a commonsense fix to a tax change that limits investment in American manufacturing and innovation, especially at a time when China is doubling down on research and development incentives. If Congress is serious about competing with China, they will put this on the top of their to-do list for 2023.” 
In early December, AIA led a coalition of 14 top aerospace and defense companies in a letter urging congressional leaders to address R&D tax amortization by the end of the year. Fanning also joined Bret Baier on December 2 to discuss the issue. Learn more about this tax provision here.

[title:]AIA Announces Executive Committee Appointments For 2023
[date:]November 21, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Nov. 21, 22) – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) has elected Tom Gentile, President and Chief Executive Officer of Spirit AeroSystems, to serve as Chairman of the Board of Governors for 2023. Theodore “Ted” Colbert III, Executive Vice President, The Boeing Company and President/CEO, Boeing Defense, Space & Security, will serve as Vice Chairman. Eric Fanning has been reelected as AIA President and Chief Executive Officer.  
“It’s an exciting time to serve the aerospace and defense industry as chair of the Aerospace Industries Association,” said Gentile. “Our industry faces a new set of challenges – but also new and inspiring opportunities – that will stretch us all as we position our industry for continued leadership, innovation, and growth.” 
“The U.S. aerospace and defense industry remains the bellwether of American innovation and leadership, even in trying times. This year, the 2022 CEO-led Executive Committee helped our industry navigate a perfect storm of challenges, and we are in a stronger position because of their guidance,” Fanning said. “Our work isn’t finished yet. With Tom at the helm, AIA will continue to champion our industry and promote the policy and investments needed for continued success. Tom follows in the exceptional footsteps of Mike Petters, who has been an asset to our mission. We thank him for his eight years of service to our organization.” 
AIA represents more than 320 manufacturers and suppliers across every sector and tier of the aerospace and defense industry. Together, these world-class and high-technology companies support more than 2.1 million jobs across the United States, contributing $391 billion to the gross domestic product (GDP) (1.7% of total GDP). 
Direct involvement of CEO-level officers from the country’s major aerospace and defense companies helps guide and shape the policy goals for AIA and the entire industry. The association is led by a Board of Governors that meets twice a year and an Executive Committee that meets more frequently. 
AIA’s Chairman, Vice Chairman, as well as the President and Chief Executive Officer, all serve on the Executive Committee. The members of the AIA Executive Committee for 2023 are: 
Tom Arseneault, BAE Systems 
Thomas Bell, Rolls-Royce North America, Inc. 
Kathleen Boyle, Verify, Inc. 
Heather Bulk, Special Aerospace Services, LLC 
Theodore “Ted” Colbert III, The Boeing Company 
Scott C. Donnelly, Textron Inc. 
Eric Fanning, Aerospace Industries Association 
Tom Gentile, Spirit AeroSystems 
Gregory Hayes, Raytheon Technologies 
Vern Heyer, LAI International, Associate Member Representative 
Mike Kahn, CAES 
Dr. Dave Kaufman, Ball Aerospace 
Christopher D. Kastner, HII 
Roger Krone, Leidos Corporation 
Christopher E. Kubasik, L3Harris Technologies 
Dr. Carmelo Lo Faro, Solvay 
Mike Madsen, Honeywell Aerospace 
Eric Mendelson, HEICO Corporation, Ex Officio 
Phebe Novakovic, General Dynamics Corporation 
Fatih Ozmen, Sierra Nevada Corporation 
Anne Shybunko-Moore, GSE Dynamics 
John Slattery, General Electric Aviation 
Kathy Warden, Northrop Grumman Corporation
[title:]AIA Honors SAS Co-Founder and CEO Heather Bulk with Voice of Industry Award
[date:]November 22, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Nov. 22, 22) – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) honored CEO and co-founder of Special Aerospace Services (SAS) Heather Bulk with the Voice of Industry Award at its fall 2022 Board of Governors meeting in Santa Barbara, Calif. The Voice of Industry Award recognizes AIA’s most effective member advocates who have utilized their platforms and made their voices heard in support of the workforce, industrial base, and shared aerospace and defense supply chain. 
“Heather’s impact will be felt for generations, particularly because of her work to create a more inclusive engineering and space industry and her efforts to develop and empower the future workforce with STEM education,” said Eric Fanning, President and CEO of AIA. “Always thoughtful, passionate, and ready to raise a hand in support of AIA, the industry, and men and women who comprise our world-class workforce, Heather is one of the best and brightest leaders in our industry.”
“It’s truly an honor to receive this award from the AIA. For over 15 years, it’s been my privilege to be part of this incredible industry, and to work with such dedicated, skilled, and passionate professionals,” said Heather Bulk. “AIA has been and continues to be a driving force in the successful evolution of the aerospace industry, and I look forward to continuing our efforts to build and maintain a dynamic, diverse and skilled workforce.”

Heather Bulk’s biography is available here or below.
Heather Bulk is the President and Chief Executive Officer, as well as co-founder of Special Aerospace Services, SAS Flight Factory, and Rocket Apparel. She is also co-founder of the Who Dreams Wins Foundation. Since 2007 Ms. Bulk has overseen the strategic direction and business performance of these companies and non-profit. Her focus is on strategy, leadership, and impact for all entities.
SAS, a woman-owned, small business and its wholly owned subsidiary, SAS Flight Factory, have over 118 team members across the United States. The Companies provide innovative aerospace solutions to the aerospace industry, NASA, the U.S. Department of Defense, and commercial spaceflight sector.
In 2018, Ms. Bulk and her daughter launched Rocket Apparel, an aerospace focused clothing and accoutrement company. Rocket Apparel lends women’s fashion sense to the wardrobes of aerospace professionals and enthusiasts.
Prior to her leadership at SAS, Heather spent over 17 years as a senior executive in financial and estate planning to some of the country’s most affluent families and business owners. She completed her Executive Juris Doctorate in 2007 and holds a Masters in Taxation (LLM) from the University Of Denver Law School and a Bachelor of Science degree (Finance) from CSU, Chico. She maintains her Certified Financial Planner Designation.
Ms. Bulk is committed to developing and maintaining an inclusive and diverse space industry workforce. As a leader in the business community, Ms. Bulk engages on boards and think tanks to develop paths to bring new talent to the aerospace industry. She is a member of YPO, representing a global community of executives committed to the shared mission of becoming “Better Leaders through Lifelong Learning and Idea Exchange.”
Ms. Bulk and her family have created the Who Dreams Wins Foundation, which fosters STEM education and provides scholarships and technology to those in need.
Ms. Bulk has been a pilot for over 19 years. She SAS’ Corporate Pilot, flying their Pilatus aircraft. She flies missions for philanthropic work, such as Veteran’s Airlift. She is also a member of Pilatus Owners and Pilots Association, and a member of AOPA.
[title:]AIA Statement on Artemis I Launch
[date:]November 16, 2022
[content:]The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today issued the following statement on the launch of the Artemis I Moon mission: 
“There is a renaissance in aerospace that is capturing the imagination of the next generation, and the Artemis launch is an exciting part of this.  
“Space binds the world together, and today’s launch is also a vivid way to showcase the U.S. aerospace and defense industry’s contributions to advancement and discovery.” 

[title:]AIA Statement on National Defense Strategy
[date:]October 27, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Oct. 27, 2022) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today issued the following statement on the release of the Biden Administration’s unclassified National Defense Strategy: 
“The aerospace and defense industry is one of the Department of Defense’s most important partners in achieving the goals of the National Defense Strategy — and one of America’s greatest asymmetric advantages over our adversaries.
“The updated National Defense Strategy makes it clear that the magnitude of threats facing our country, and the capabilities our forces need to deter these threats, is growing. The headwinds — unpredictable budgets, growing regulatory burdens, workforce shortages, and record-high inflation — are working against us, even as we work to protect our military advantage over China and restore peace and stability in Europe.
“Our industry remains committed to keeping America safe, secure, and prosperous. We encourage the Biden Administration and Congress to provide timely funding that matches the strategy, to reform our acquisition system for speed and innovation, and to implement tax, regulatory, and trade policies that keep our companies and workforce strong.”

[title:]AIA Convenes First-Ever Industry Delegation to U.S.-France Comprehensive Dialogue on Space
[date:]November 9, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Nov. 9, 2022) – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) today convened a delegation of United States industry representatives in Paris to meet with and inform the U.S. and French government delegates to the first U.S.-France Comprehensive Dialogue on Space.  
“Today’s dialogue was an important opportunity to share with the U.S. and French government delegations the range of American space industry capabilities and the importance of strengthening our partnerships,” AIA’s Vice President of Space Systems Mike French said after the meeting.

U.S. space industry representatives meet with U.S. government officials and French commercial space companies in Paris.
The U.S. space company representatives included Amazon, ATLAS Space Operations, BlackSky Technology, The Boeing Company, COMSPOC Corp., LeoLabs, Loft Orbital Solutions Inc., Northrop Grumman Corporation, Planet, Raytheon Technologies, Redwire Space, Rocket Lab USA, SpaceX, Slingshot Aerospace, ViaSat Inc., and Virgin Orbit. 

[title:]AIA Releases 2022 Facts & Figures Data Highlighting the Aerospace & Defense Industry’s Economic Impact
[date:]November 7, 2022
[content:]U.S. aerospace and defense industry remains enduring asset despite continued pandemic recovery, inflationary pressures
Arlington, Va. – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) in collaboration with IHS Markit today released “Facts & Figures,” a look into the state of the A&D industry as it continues to navigate economic, legislative, and regulatory challenges while investing in its workforce, generating economic growth, advancing innovation, and enabling national security. Informed by 2021 data, “Facts and Figures” is a snapshot of the A&D industry’s workforce, wages, sales, and trade numbers.
“The American aerospace and defense industry and its workforce are strategic assets that no other country has to offer. This year’s ‘Facts and Figures’ data provides a glimpse into how the industry continues to recover from the pandemic, work through economic hurdles, and capitalize on our world-class workforce and enduring spirit of innovation,” said Eric Fanning, President and CEO of AIA. “Despite the challenges we face, we are proud of our role in connecting the world through air travel, exploring new frontiers, and defending what matters most.”


At the heart of the A&D industry is its workforce, powering the recovery of air travel, designing more sustainable aviation technologies, providing cutting-edge defense and deterrence capabilities, and developing the systems that will further space exploration. Even when facing challenges, the 2021 A&D workforce stood at more than 2.1 million strong, with employees in every state in the U.S. These are highly skilled, good-paying jobs, with an average salary of over $106,700, about 40 percent above the national average.
Jobs supported by the A&D industry represent approximately 1.4 percent of the nation’s total employment base. Although still in recovery, the A&D workforce increased by approximately 6,000 employees. More than 57 percent of employment comes from the shared A&D supply chain, an extensive network of suppliers composed of thousands of small and medium-sized businesses.
Despite the inflationary pressure and continued pandemic recovery, the industry’s workforce generated $892 billion in combined sales in 2021, a 2.1 percent increase from the prior year. That is promising news for America, as every million dollars in end-use sales supports more than four employees across end-use manufacturing and the supply chain.


A key component to workforce success is industry’s global leadership in innovation and exports of aircraft and aerospace products. In 2021, A&D industry exports rose by 11.2 percent to a total value of $100.4 billion. From sustainable aviation technologies to defense systems, partners around the world trust American companies to provide the best capabilities at the best value. In 2021, the U.S. A&D industry exported to 205 countries, a testament to industry’s role in America’s economic success and reputation as a global leader in innovation.
In the U.S. and abroad, there is strong, bipartisan support for increased defense investment, which helps the shared A&D supply chain. With inflation running at more than double the rate anticipated when most contracts were negotiated, companies have limited tools at their disposal to manage increasing costs and maintain their workforce and may choose to leave the defense industrial base entirely. The result would be significant harm to national security, global competitiveness, and our ability to surge to meet demand of our partners and allies.
“As we look ahead to 2023, AIA and its members are ready to meet the moment, work with our government partners, and ensure the aerospace and defense industry continues to fulfill its vital role as one of America’s enduring advantages,” Fanning continued.
Find more information on Facts and Figures, including video and graphic resources, here.
Facts and Figures Data, collected for 2021 calendar year:
In 2021, the U.S. A&D industry had more than 2.1 million in the workforce, with employees in every U.S. state.The A&D workforce increased by approximately 6,000 employees in 2021, a 0.3 percent increase from 2020.The majority of the industry’s direct employment is through the commercial aerospace sector, with a 57 percent share, while defense and national security make up the remaining 43 percent.Across the four subsectors of the A&D industry, aeronautics and aircraft is the largest employer, directly supporting almost 575 thousand jobs. The land and sea systems subsector is the next largest with about 148 thousand workers. Another 79 thousand workers represent the space subsector, while about 89 thousand are employed in the cyber subsector.Jobs supported by the A&D industry represent approximately 1.4 percent of the nation’s total employment base.  This share has held steady with respect to the industry share prior to the pandemic.More than 57 percent of employment comes from the shared A&D supply chain.Last year, industry sales revenue rose to $892 billion in economic output, a 2.1 percent increase.Every million dollars in end-use sales supports more than four employees across end-use manufacturing and the supply chain.The A&D industry generated $391 billion in economic value, which represented 1.7 percent of total nominal GDP in the US.The $224 billion in labor income supported by the A&D industry represented 1.8 percent of the nation’s total labor income.Between 2020 and 2021, A&D industry exports rose by 11.2 percent to a total value of $100.4 billion.The U.S. A&D industry exported to 205 countries in 2021.The A&D industry generated $391 billion in economic value, which represented 1.7 percent of total nominal GDP in the US.The average labor income per job within the A&D industry amounted to just over $106,700, or approximately 40 percent above the national average, reflecting the highly skilled nature of the workforce.

[title:]AIA Awards Industry Leader Prestigious Award for Contributions to Product Service
[date:]October 25, 2022
[content:]Boeing’s Bill Shook accepts AIA Leonard Ross Memorial Award for Achievement at 2022 S-Series Integrated Product Support User Forum
Vienna, Austria (Oct. 25, 2022) — The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) has awarded Bill Shook, Associate Technical Fellow for The Boeing Company, with the prestigious Leonard Ross Memorial Award for Achievement. The annual award is given to an individual who has exhibited individual excellence, outstanding performance, and long-term achievement in product support on behalf of the aerospace and defense industry.
A 32-year employee of The Boeing Company currently based in St. Louis, Mo., Shook is a long-time advocate for the standardization of Training Needs Analysis (TNA). He is credited for championing the task teams and Department of Defense relationships necessary to establish a technical solution that not only standardizes a digital means to exchange support personnel training requirements, but also to efficiently manages the synchronization of TNA with the technical publications supporting a product’s lifecycle. Shook has received international recognition for his contribution as the Steering Committee Chair and primary author of S6000T (International specification for training analysis and design).
“AIA is honored to award Bill Shook with the Len Ross award for his leadership in product service and standardization,” Rusty Rentsch, AIA Vice President of Technical Operations, said. “Bill’s contributions have shaped how our industry trains its world-class workforce and will continue to pay dividends in terms of improved aircraft readiness and greater efficiency in integrated product support procedures.”
“Bill has been an active and valuable member of the AIA Product Support Committee since 2012, and he continues to work tirelessly to represent US interests in the harmonization and governance of the S-Series,” said Lynn Williams, Chair of the AIA’s Product Support Committee and Director, Acquisition Policy, Boeing Global Services & Government Operations. “I learn more from Bill each and every time we have a conversation, and I’m very grateful for his service to the PSC. Bill’s unmatched dedication to enhancing collaboration between customers and industry, and his steadfast commitment to improving product support outcomes is the embodiment of the Leonard Ross Memorial Award. I want to congratulate Bill on this well-deserved recognition!”
Shook’s award was internationally recognized on October 18 during the S-Series Integrated Product Support User Forum, hosted by the AeroSpace and Defences Industries Association of Europe. Approximately, 300 product support professionals from over 20 countries were on hand to offer their congratulations.   
AIA’s Product Support Committee champions the standardization of data structures to reduce development, production, and sustainment costs, and improve competition within the global market. Leonard Ross, former vice chairman of the AIA Product Support Committee established the exceptional service award program in 1989 to honor past and present members of the committee. Upon his passing, the award was renamed to honor him and is earned solely through peer recognition of long-term achievements to a member of an AIA organization. Shook is the 16th recipient of the award.

[title:]AIA Experts Selected to Serve on Key Federal Aviation Administration Advisory Committees
[date:]October 24, 2022
[content:]Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) today announced that two senior policy leaders have been appointed to critical Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) advisory committees. 
Vice President of Space Systems Mike French has been named Vice Chair of the FAA’s Commercial Space Transportation Advisory Committee (COMSTAC).
COMSTAC provides “information, advice, and recommendations to the FAA administrator on critical matters concerning the U.S. commercial space transportation industry,” according to the FAA. French has served on the committee since 2020. French joined AIA in 2019, after serving as the Senior Vice President for Commercial Space at Bryce Space and Technology. Prior to that, he served as the Chief of Staff for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), where he advised the NASA Administrator and White House and other government leadership on national space policy issues. Learn more about French here.
Vice President of Civil Aviation David Silver has been reappointed to the FAA’s Advanced Aviation Advisory Committee (AAAC), on which he has served since 2019. 
The AAAC works to integrate drones and advanced air mobility operations safely and efficiently into U.S. airspace. Silver joined AIA in 2017 after a long career at the Boeing Company, most recently serving as the Director of Engineering and Regulatory Affairs. At AIA, Silver leads the organization’s efforts around aviation certification, safety, environment, and emerging technologies. Learn more about Silver here.
[title:]Aerospace and Defense Companies Deploy Comprehensive Strategies to Address Workforce Needs
[date:]October 19, 2022
[content:]Lingering effects of pandemic, “great resignation,” and employee engagement remain concerns for A&D companies as they seek to improve benefits to employees
Arlington, Va. (Oct. 19, 2022) – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) and the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics (AIAA) today released the 2022 Aerospace & Defense Workforce Study, conducted in collaboration with Ernst & Young LLP (EY US). This year’s survey, which includes analysis from over 30 aerospace and defense (A&D) companies representing about 850,000 employees globally, highlights the talent challenges they seek to address and benchmarks the industry’s ongoing efforts to meet workforce demand.  
“The aerospace and defense industry relies on a vibrant highly skilled workforce to maintain our competitive edge. On the heels of the pandemic and the Great Resignation, the industry has had to rethink its approach to recruiting and retaining the best and the brightest,” said Eric Fanning, President and CEO of AIA. “Our annual workforce survey shows that our industry continues building on innovative strategies to navigate the talent challenges they face today and provides actionable data-driven insights to support and develop the workforce of tomorrow.” 
Key findings include: 
Employee retention is a growing challenge – Overall turnover across the A&D industry, amid an already tight labor market, rose to 7.1% in 2022 from 5.7% last year. Not only has inflation increased supply chain and operating costs, but it has also driven employees’ desire for wage increases. Seventy-eight percent of responding companies cited employees seeking opportunities for higher pay as a primary cause of higher attrition. Companies are meeting employees’ wishes for more opportunity and more flexible work models – Despite operations that are not always compatible with remote work, 65% of A&D organizations reported the successful use of flexible work options for employees, such as hybrid models, four-day workweeks and staggered hours.  Demographic diversity is trending upward as industry prioritizes DEI – In 2022, the A&D industry saw incremental improvement in representation across all racial and ethnic identities, as well as from women. Companies are leveraging efforts such as employee resource groups, pay-gap reporting and cultural month celebrations to appeal to potential employees, engage diverse populations and improve workplace culture. Organizations are beginning to focus on developing the workforce of today and tomorrow – A&D companies are exploring ways to build a strong talent pipeline by collaborating with educational institutions, investing in youth and next-generation education, and creating hands-on internship and leadership programs. At the same time, they are equipping current employees with the skills needed now by increasing access to learning and development opportunities, particularly for key technical competencies such as cybersecurity and data analytics – and finding success. 
“While it’s no surprise that the sector is feeling the headwinds from talent shortage, I see this as an opportune time for companies to turbocharge their talent transformation efforts to address the immediate challenge while building the workforce of the future,” said Raman Ram, EY Americas Aerospace & Defense Leader. “Building a dynamic workforce through re-skilling and education investments will allow the industry to meet the expected surge in demand and shift in capabilities required.” 
“The A&D industry has made progress implementing impactful talent strategies, starting from the ground up,” said Dan Dumbacher, AIAA Executive Director. “Through this study, we can see where meaningful action has influenced the future of the aerospace and defense workforce. We believe the study’s findings will help employers across the industry continue to make the needed innovative and progressive steps forward.” 
“We are excited to continue our collaboration with AIA and AIAA on this annual study, and we are thrilled to see how the research will be used to enhance digital transformation and workforce development across this critical industry,” said Steve Fuller, Partner, People Advisory Services, EY US. 
A PDF of the white paper can be found here, and an infographic can be found here.


About AIA
For more than 100 years, the American aerospace and defense industries have shaped the world around us in countless ways with immeasurable impact. The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) has been that voice since 1919. Our work as an advocate and convener is essential to shaping policy, shedding light on the industry’s impact and empowering its future. Together, we advocate for effective federal investments; accelerated deployment of innovative technologies; policies that enhance our global competitiveness; and recruitment and retention efforts that support a capable and diverse 21st century workforce.
About AIAA 
The American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics (AIAA) is the world’s largest aerospace technical society. With nearly 30,000 individual members from 91 countries, and 100 corporate members, AIAA brings together industry, academia, and government to advance engineering and science in aviation, space, and defense. For more information, visit www.aiaa.org or follow AIAA on Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, and Instagram.
Media Contact: Rebecca B. Gray, [email protected], 804-397-5270 (cell)
EY | Building a better working world 
EY exists to build a better working world, helping to create long-term value for clients, people and society and build trust in the capital markets. 
Enabled by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 150 countries provide trust through assurance and help clients grow, transform and operate. 
Working across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax and transactions, EY teams ask better questions to find new answers for the complex issues facing our world today. 
EY refers to the global organization, and may refer to one or more, of the member firms of Ernst & Young Global Limited, each of which is a separate legal entity. Ernst & Young Global Limited, a UK company limited by guarantee, does not provide services to clients. Information about how EY collects and uses personal data and a description of the rights individuals have under data protection legislation are available via ey.com/privacy. EY member firms do not practice law where prohibited by local laws. For more information about our organization, please visit ey.com.
[title:]Photo Release: French President Macron meets with U.S. Aerospace and Defense Industry
[date:]November 30, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Nov. 30, 2022) – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today was among the representatives of the United States space industry who met with French President Emmanuel Macron at NASA headquarters in Washington, DC.
“Today’s meeting was an important opportunity to strengthen our partnership with the French government and share how the United States aerospace and defense industry’s innovative, world-class workforce is propelling the next generation of space exploration,” said Fanning.



High-resolution photos are available for download here.Photo Credit: NASA/Keegan Barber
In early November, AIA convened a delegation of United States industry representatives in Paris to meet with and inform the U.S. and French government delegates to the first U.S.-France Comprehensive Dialogue on Space.

[title:]AIA Statement on National Security Strategy
[date:]October 12, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Oct. 12, 2022) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today released the following statement on the Biden Administration’s National Security Strategy: 
“The new National Security Strategy provides a roadmap to propel American leadership and defend our values in a new era of strategic competition, especially in the Indo-Pacific. The aerospace and defense industry underpins it all — from providing our military with the most cutting-edge equipment, to advancing sustainable technology that will keep our air cleaner, to supporting global trade and cooperation that will further tilt the balance of power in our favor. 
“The strategy correctly recognizes that the American defense industrial base and its workforce are strategic assets that no other country has to offer. We welcome the administration’s commitment to investing in our supply chain and the 2.1 million employees who support our industry to harness American innovation and strengthen national security. 
“The Aerospace Industries Association is ready to meet this moment, ensuring the aerospace and defense industry continues to fulfill its vital role as one of America’s enduring advantages.”   

[title:]AIA Commends ICAO Adoption of Net-Zero Carbon Goal for Air Transport
[date:]October 7, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Oct. 7, 2022) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today released the following statement after the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) Assembly adopted a goal of net-zero carbon emissions for international flights by 2050. 
“ICAO’s decision marks a key milestone on our path to a more sustainable future for aviation. Commercial aviation manufacturers in the United States and around the world have already committed to a goal of net-zero carbon emissions by 2050, but government must be aligned with industry to turn this aspiration into reality. This affirmation of support provides the global aviation industry with a harmonized framework to reduce carbon emissions, advance new technologies, and achieve a brighter, greener future.” 
In April 2022, AIA released a comprehensive plan for the future of sustainable aviation, Horizon 2050. The report, written in partnership with Accenture, analyzes the state of sustainable aviation technologies in the United States and identifies the priorities and investments needed industry to achieve its goal of net-zero carbon emissions by 2050. 

[title:]AIA Supports Cramer Contract Flexibility Amendment to NDAA
[date:]October 5, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Oct. 5, 2022) – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) today issued a statement of support for U.S. Senator Kevin Cramer’s (R-N.D.) amendment to S. 4543, the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) for Fiscal Year 2023, as the Senate prepares to officially begin debate on the legislation. S.Amd.6056 would allow the Department of Defense (DoD) to modify contracts amid record-high inflation.
“Inflation is running at more than double the rate anticipated when most contracts were negotiated. With limited tools at their disposal to manage increasing costs and maintain their workforce, many companies, especially small businesses, may choose to leave the defense industrial base entirely. The result would be significant harm to our national security and our ability to surge to meet demand,” said Eric Fanning, President and CEO of AIA. “These businesses need relief now and Senator Cramer is leading the charge to ensure contract flexibility with his amendment to the defense bill. We urge this crucial provision be included in the Senate’s FY23 NDAA.”
Last week, Fanning sent a letter to SASC leaders highlighting the need for contract flexibility language to be included in the NDAA. Fanning also penned an op-ed in Breaking Defense detailing the industry impact of inflation and outlining the steps Congress and the Pentagon must take to ease the pain of inflation before it weakens national security.
The amendment reads: SEC. 829. Modification of Contracts and Options to Provide Economic Price Adjustments. (a) Authority.–Notwithstanding any other provision of law, amounts authorized to be appropriated by this Act for the Department of Defense may be used to modify the terms and conditions of a contract or option, without consideration, to provide an economic price adjustment consistent with sections 16.203-1 and 16.203-2 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation during the relevant period of performance for that contract or option and as specified in section 16.203-3 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation. (b) Guidance.–Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall issue guidance implementing the authority under this section.

[title:]AIA Urges SASC Leaders for Contract Flexibility in Defense Budget
[date:]September 30, 2022
[content:]“Industry needs immediate flexibility in support of our specialized workforce and the small businesses that are the lifeblood of our supply chain.”
Arlington, Va. (Sept. 30, 2022) – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) is urging Senate Armed Services Committee to include language in this year’s National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) allowing the Department of Defense (DoD) to modify contracts amid record-high inflation. In a letter to Chairman Jack Reed (D-R.I.) and Ranking Member Jim Inhofe (R-Okla.), AIA President and CEO Eric Fanning highlighted economic pressures affecting the entire ecosystem of defense companies, especially the thousands of small businesses comprising the shared A&D supply chain.
“Rather than continuing to do business with DoD and lose money, many companies will choose to leave the DIB entirely and focus on the commercial market, where they can more readily pass along increased costs,” Fanning wrote. “This directly threatens our national security: our advanced technologies and capabilities will dwindle, competition will significantly decline, and the innovation America needs to stay ahead of our global competitors could evaporate.”
Earlier this month, Fanning penned an op-ed in Breaking Defense detailing the industry impact of inflation and outlining the steps Congress and the Pentagon must take to ease the pain of inflation before it weakens national security.
Full text of the letter is available here and below.

September 28, 2022


Chairman Jack Reed 
United States Senate Committee on Armed Services 
228 Russell Senate Office Building 
Washington, D.C. 20510 




Ranking Member James M. Inhofe 
United States Senate Committee on Armed Services 
228 Russell Senate Office Building 
Washington, D.C. 20510 

Dear Chairman Reed and Ranking Member Inhofe: 
Unprecedented and systemic economic disruptions, including record levels of inflation and turmoil in global supply chains, are causing major headwinds for the Defense Industrial Base (DIB) that are beginning to threaten our ability to meet our obligations and deliver the cutting-edge capabilities and services that our warfighters, allies, and partners rely on. While the Committee included language in Section 1002 of S. 4543, the James M. lnhofe National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) for Fiscal Year 2023, requiring a report on the detrimental impacts of inflation on the warfighter and the Defense Industrial Base, our industry needs immediate flexibility in support of our specialized workforce and the small businesses that are the lifeblood of our supply chain. We therefore strongly urge you to include bill language in this year’s NDAA granting the Department of Defense (DoD) the authority to modify existing DoD contracts to provide equitable adjustments. 
Most DoD contracts were negotiated with expectations of only 2 to 3 percent annual inflation and with properly functioning global supply chains. With inflation currently running at more than twice that rate, coupled with supply chain and workforce disruptions, companies are now faced with possible schedule delays, less output, possible cost increases, and most alarmingly, a significant exodus of workforce talent. While these economic pressures affect the entire ecosystem of defense companies, the situation is uniquely challenging for the thousands of small businesses comprising the shared A&D supply chain. These businesses have limited tools to manage skyrocketing costs, scarce parts and materials, and the loss of skilled talent. Rather than continuing to do business with DoD and lose money, many companies will choose to leave the DIB entirely and focus on the commercial market, where they can more readily pass along increased costs. This directly threatens our national security: our advanced technologies and capabilities will dwindle, competition will significantly decline, and the innovation America needs to stay ahead of our global competitors could evaporate. 
While all parts of our economy are being affected, we are confident that potential damage to our national security is something that your Committee recognizes and can address. In that spirit, we urge you to provide DoD with this vital contracting flexibility in the FY23 NDAA. 
Sincerely, 


Eric Fanning
President and CEO
Aerospace Industries Association



[title:]AIA Statement on SBIR/STTR Reauthorization
[date:]September 29, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Sept. 29, 2022) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today released a statement commending congressional passage of S. 4900, the “SBIR and STTR Extension Act of 2022,” a three-year reauthorization of the Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) and Small Business Technology Transfer (STTR) programs:  
“This legislation is a victory for American innovation. Small businesses are the lifeblood of our industry’s supply chain, and these vital research programs support and leverage their contributions to strengthen our national defense and manufacturing competitiveness. Amid the economic turmoil endangering small businesses across the country, a three-year extension will provide longer-term certainty for the many companies that rely on these investments to engage in game-changing research and development. We urge President Biden to swiftly sign it into law.”

[title:]AIA Statement on Short-Term Government Funding Bill
[date:]September 30, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Sept. 30, 2022) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today issued the following statement after Congress passed H.R. 6833, a short-term continuing resolution that extends current funding for the federal government until December 16, 2022.
“In any year, a stopgap funding bill is harmful. This year, it could be particularly damaging given the serious economic pressures from inflation and the security situation in Ukraine and many other places. This continuing resolution asks our warfighters, as well as the small and large businesses comprising our defense industrial base, to bear the brunt of inflation while Congress puts off one of its primary responsibilities again. With record-high inflation rates, federal agencies, including our military and the defense industrial base, will be working with nearly 10 percent less than last year. This will force them to make difficult choices – and it could drive small companies that support our government out of business as well.  
“The only thing worse than a continuing resolution, however, would be a government shutdown, so we urge President Biden to sign this bill without delay. 
“Now, Congress and the administration must negotiate and pass full-year appropriations bills as quickly as possible. We have already seen broad, bipartisan support for additional funds to invest in defense capabilities and also address inflation in both the House and Senate; Congress must follow through for the sake of our national security and the health and resilience of America’s defense industrial base.”

[title:]AIA Urges Senate Passage of Bill to Establish National Center for the Advancement of Aviation
[date:]September 29, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Sept. 29, 2022) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today released the following statement after the House of Representatives passed H.R. 3482, the National Center for the Advancement of Aviation Act of 2021. The act establishes a private, tax-exempt, federally chartered organization focused on developing a skilled and robust American aviation and aerospace workforce. 
“With employee turnover rising, tough competition for talent, and more retirements on the horizon, the country needs holistic, creative, long-term solutions to our workforce challenges from both the industry and the government. House passage of legislation to establish a dedicated National Center of the Advancement of Aviation, led by Congressman Carson, is a welcome step, and we urge the Senate to follow suit quickly by taking up Senator Inhofe’s companion bill. Training resources, in-depth research and analysis, and ongoing collaboration between all stakeholders will be key to developing the next generation of highly skilled aviation and aerospace workers and to ensuring the United States remains the global leader in this industry.”  
Earlier this year, Fanning testified before Congress on the workforce needs of the aviation and aerospace industry. AIA also partnered with the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics (AIAA) and EY to survey workforce trends and identify opportunities for progress. 

[title:]AIA’s Fanning: Washington Cannot Allow Inflation to Weaken our Security
[date:]September 14, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Sept. 14, 2022) – In case you missed it, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today penned an op-ed for Breaking Defense outlining the impact of inflation on the aerospace and defense industry and the steps Congress and the Pentagon must take to ease the pain of inflation before it weakens our national security. 
Read the op-ed here or below. 



Washington cannot allow inflation to weaken our security
Eric Fanning | Breaking Defense | September 14, 2022
Inflation is a national challenge impacting us all. It is eroding our savings, challenging our daily lives, and sapping our economic strength. We cannot allow it to weaken our national security as well.
Businesses across the country are finding ways to cope with record-high inflation. Some are raising prices on their goods; others are offering fewer goods for the same price. But what happens to companies who can’t charge more, or offer less? For those that have an important role to play in keeping us all safe, the options are more limited.
This is the challenge facing defense sector businesses on the front lines of protecting the country. They make everything from fighter jets and aircraft carriers to rations and uniforms. Inflexible contracts with the Pentagon often mean they cannot raise the price of their goods or afford to increase wages for workers whose families are hard hit by inflation.
If increased costs cannot be accommodated, companies may abandon Department of Defense work for commercial enterprises. Many companies I talk to, including critical suppliers, are ‘on the bubble’ right now and may flee the defense industrial base, which would be an enormous strategic setback. DoD admitted in May that one company has already requested to cancel a long-term contract due to inflation. And last week, top Pentagon officials acknowledged concern about inflation driving small companies out of business.
Small businesses are being particularly hard hit by rising costs. For example, one small aerospace and defense business owner shared with me that his company’s lead time for some materials has increased threefold, transportation delays and costs are so significant that they have had to buy their own vans to deliver products, and salaries for skilled workers have jumped by as much as 40 percent. Small businesses did not have an opportunity to budget for these kinds of costs, and right now, the only certainty they have is that their costs will continue to rise.
The ever-increasing threats from abroad – from Russia’s brutal invasion of Ukraine to ongoing malign activities emanating from China, North Korea, Iran, and other actors – mean that the industrial base can’t slow down or offer less. The security of our country depends on the defense industrial base’s ability to get the job done.
Just as there are no easy answers to curbing inflation, there are no quick fixes to help keep us safe. But there are some things we can do to ease the pain. These include increasing investment in defense, ensuring that this spending is appropriated on time, encouraging contract flexibility, and enacting smart policies that can help streamline businesses and attract talent in the face of inflation.
First, Congress can increase defense spending above the rate of inflation. Before this year’s price spike, bipartisan experts and our nation’s top commanders agreed that real growth of 3%-5% is the amount it will take to execute our national defense strategy, support our global force, stay ahead of our adversaries, and cope with the reduced buying power inflation has caused.  The promising news is there is overwhelming bipartisan, bicameral support for stronger investment in defense as evidenced by House passage of the annual National Defense Authorization Act. This bill must be reconciled with Senate priorities and sent to the President without delay.
Second, whatever level of funding Congress does settle on, it must be appropriated on time – or as close to on time as possible. Senior defense officials, as well as congressional lawmakers from both parties, agree that continuing resolutions (CR) are wasteful and damaging.
Yet somehow we find ourselves on the brink of starting the 12th of the past 13 fiscal years under a CR. A CR combined with inflation ensures that we cannot keep up with rising costs and that our dollars will not go as far as they should, and it isn’t just defense companies who will pay the price. In April, the Pentagon told Congress that fuel alone would cost the Department over $3 billion more this fiscal year. A top military official also warned that with inflation affecting everything from food at commissaries to childcare to housing allowances in local markets, retention of service members will become more difficult.
Finally, as competition for talent gets more heated across the economy, Congress and the Pentagon must work together to ensure that the best and brightest this country has to offer want to work in the defense industry. That means supporting programs that make it easier for small businesses to partner with DOD and cutting back regulations to make the entire defense enterprise a more efficient and attractive place to work.
At the same time, talent requires investment, so allowing wage flexibility in pre-existing contracts is also essential. Inflation is having an outsized impact on our ability to attract and retain employees for critical positions, including welders, pipefitters, machinists, and other skilled trades. Employees, including highly trained and experienced workers, are leaving the sector in troubling numbers. Long-term federal contracts set wages, and many cannot reopen to adjust for inflation and its impacts. And the skyrocketing cost of housing in specific regions is inflicting additional pain to recruitment and retention efforts. DoD understands this challenge and has begun to respond but Congress must provide the Pentagon with additional authority and funding.
Inflation is everywhere. The serious impact on our national security is something about which everyone needs to be concerned, and policymakers must work to address it immediately.
Eric Fanning is president and CEO of the Aerospace Industries Association, representing more than 300 companies in the aerospace and defense sector. He served as 22nd Secretary of the Army and Acting Secretary of the Air Force.
[title:]AIA Statement on Confirmation of Lt. Gen. Saltzman to Lead Space Force
[date:]September 29, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Sept. 29, 2022) – Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning today issued the following statement following the Senate confirmation of Lt. Gen. Chance Saltzman to lead the Space Force as its second Chief of Space Operations: 
“The swift Senate confirmation of Lt. Gen. Saltzman reflects the significance of this position to our national security now and in the future. His experience as a military leader will serve him and the country well as the Space Force fulfills its essential mission. We look forward to our continued partnership with the Space Force on key workforce and supply chain initiatives, which are foundational to the overall success of the Space Force mission. 
“We would also like to salute Gen. Raymond for his years of dedicated service and for being an important leader in the historic establishment of the United States Space Force.”

[title:]AIA Welcomes Longtime Senior Congressional Aide Marta Hernandez to Communications Team
[date:]September 12, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Sept. 12, 2022) – Today, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) announced Marta Hernandez has joined its communications team as Senior Director. Hernandez will bolster AIA’s advocacy and outreach operations with her extensive experience on Capitol Hill, including key roles on the Senate Armed Services Committee and the House Appropriations Committee.
“We are excited to welcome Marta to the team, and we look forward to the impact she will have on our organization and our industry,” said Eric Fanning, President and CEO of AIA. “Marta is a talented communicator whose deep experience on the Hill and expertise on the challenges our industry faces will make her an invaluable asset to our advocacy work on behalf of our members.”
Marta’s bio is available here and below. 

Marta Dehmlow Hernandez is the Senior Director, Communications, at the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA). A seasoned communications professional, Hernandez brings nearly 15 years of experience to AIA, honed in senior positions at some of Congress’ most influential and esteemed committees.
Hernandez joined AIA in 2022 after serving as the Communications Director for the Senate Armed Services Committee Republicans under the leadership of Senator Jim Inhofe (R-Okla.), helping to advance critical national security priorities and support for military personnel. In this capacity, she spearheaded the committee’s communications outreach with the media inside and outside the Beltway and built support for the committee’s legislation across Capitol Hill, with key stakeholders, and with the American people. She also served as the on-the-record spokesperson, chief speechwriter, and digital director for Sen. Inhofe’s work on the committee and coordinated communications efforts among committee members and Senate leadership.
Prior to her service with the Senate Armed Services Committee, Hernandez served as the Deputy Communications Director for the House Appropriations Committee, first under Chairman Hal Rogers (R-Ky.) and then under Chairman Rodney Frelinghuysen (R-N.J.). For eight years, she drove the committee’s messaging efforts, creating compelling materials that explained complicated government funding legislation to Members of Congress, influential decision-makers, and the public.
Hernandez began her career in Washington, DC, at a bipartisan public affairs firm, where she supported advocacy, public relations, and Capitol Hill outreach efforts for a variety of clients on issues ranging from energy to national defense and foreign affairs. A native of the Chicago suburbs, Hernandez graduated from Tulane University in 2008 with a B.A. in political economy and English. She and her husband live on Capitol Hill with their dog, Gracie. 

[title:]AIA, AIAA Join Space Industry Coalition to Develop Skilled Technical Workforce
[date:]September 9, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) and the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics (AIAA) will join the new initiative to develop a skilled technical workforce announced by Vice President Kamala Harris at today’s National Space Council meeting at NASA Johnson Space Center. 
“Exploration is part of America’s DNA and space is one of the most exciting frontiers. People power these missions, so expanding the space talent pool for all types of jobs is crucial,” said AIA President and CEO Eric Fanning. “Because demand for workers is rising, the supply needs to do the same. This initiative will allow the industry to share ideas that are working and test whether they can be scaled to address this growing workforce need.”
Both organizations will be a part of a new coalition committed to working together to ramp up the space industry’s capacity to meet the rising workforce demand in critical areas of manufacturing, maintenance, quality control, and testing.
“During the past few months, this industry coalition has proven its commitment to meaningfully contribute to meeting the STEM workforce needs of today and tomorrow. Engagement by the National Space Council, the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy, and the Department of Labor has helped structure the possibilities and provide key accountability for success. We are thrilled to see how together we are shaping the future of aerospace,” said AIAA Executive Director Dan Dumbacher.
To learn more about participating companies and the outcomes of today’s National Space Council meeting, click here.
# # #
[title:]AIA Announces Key Hires to Finance, Civil Aviation, Space Divisions
[date:]August 8, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (August 8, 2022) – Today, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) announced it would be bolstering its Finance, Civil Aviation, and Space divisions with the addition of Katherine Nettrour as Vice President of Finance, Simone Perez as Senior Director of Civil Aviation, and Steven Jordan Tomaszewski as Senior Director, National Security Space.
“I’m excited to welcome Katherine, Simone and Steven to AIA as we continue to play a crucial role in ensuring our industry leads on national security and prioritizes the highest level of safety for commercial transportation,” said AIA President and CEO Eric Fanning. “All three bring valuable expertise in furthering the contributions of our member companies to U.S. innovation, national security, and AIA’s effectiveness in advocating for the aerospace industry.”
Katherine Nettrour joins AIA from a multinational organization that is best known for its GMAT exam used by graduate business schools for admission to MBA programs. Previously, she was a licensed CPA and a staff auditor at Arthur Andersen LLP. She is a highly effective finance and accounting leader with more than 15 years of experience specializing in accounting, operations, and treasury management – ranging across various industries covering commercial real estate, government contracting and graduate education. Katherine has strong leadership experience in managing annual financial audits, legal entity and tax structures, small business acquisition and integration, and building world-class accounting teams. Katherine holds a degree in accounting from the University of Maryland College Park.
Simone Perez joins AIA from the U.S. Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation where she served as a Professional Staff Member focusing on legislation advancing the safety of the national airspace system, ensuring funding for airport infrastructure, and enhancing regulatory oversight enacted as part of the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018. Prior to her service in the Senate, Simone served as a Professional Staffer for the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure in the U.S. House of Representatives where she worked on aviation policy matters related to aviation safety, general aviation, and air traffic control. Simone holds a B.A. in Government from Skidmore College and an M.A. in International Trade and Public Policy from George Mason University.
Steve Jordan Tomaszewski comes to AIA from The Aerospace Corporation where he provided objective technical advice to senior Department of Defense executives in the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence and Security. Steve has also supported several other key governmental organizations with space policy work and intelligence analysis including the Department of the Air Force, National Security Agency/Central Security Service, the Defense Intelligence Agency through the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency. Steve also continues to serve in the military as an Intelligence Officer in the United States Air Force Reserve assigned to the National Reconnaissance Office. Steve holds a Bachelor of Science in political science from the United States Air Force Academy, and a Master of Public Affairs in policy analysis from Indiana University’s School of Public and Environmental Affairs.

[title:]AIA Statement on Senate Passage of Bipartisan CHIPS Act
[date:]July 27, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (July 27, 2022) – Today, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning issued the following statement after the Senate passed bipartisan legislation to address American economic competitiveness, semiconductor shortages, and reauthorize the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA):
“Today’s action by the Senate on the CHIPS Act comes at a critical time for American competitiveness, and we urge the House to take up the legislation without delay. Strategic investments to address the global semiconductor chip shortage, support American jobs, and strengthen our global leadership in chip technology are important steps forward for our country.
“Continued American leadership in space is also essential to our competitive edge. It is encouraging to see Congress prioritize the enhancement of NASA technology, infrastructure, and workforce in this legislation, while also authorizing key programs including Artemis, ISS extension, sustainable aviation x-plane demonstrators, space nuclear systems, and a wide range of science missions. AIA is committed to continuing to work with Legislators on the full breadth of NASA’s authorizations.”
“While this legislation is an important step forward, the fact that it does not include the reversal of a detrimental research and development (R&D) amortization tax law change is a lost opportunity.  At a time when China is doubling down on R&D incentives and inflation is putting pressure on businesses and our economy, lawmakers must find a way to encourage private investment in innovation before the end of the year.”

[title:]AIA Statement of House Passage of CHIPS and Science Act of 2022
[date:]July 28, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (July 28, 2022) – Today, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning released the following statement after the U.S. House of Representatives passed the CHIPS and Science Act of 2022:
“As the global semiconductor shortage impacts our industry and our national security, we applaud Congress for prioritizing strategic investments in the domestic semiconductor manufacturing base, supporting American jobs, and strengthening our global leadership in chip technology. Action this week on the CHIPS and Science Act of 2022 by both the House and Senate was an important step in the right direction, and we look forward to President Biden signing the bill into law as quickly as possible.”

[title:]TODAY: AIA, NASA to Hold Sustainability Fireside Chat at Farnborough International Air Show
[date:]July 18, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (July 18, 2022) – Today, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning will moderate a sustainability fireside chat with NASA Deputy Administrator Pam Melroy at 1:15 pm GMT in “The Forum” at the USA Pavilion at Farnborough International Air Show. Deputy Administrator Melroy will discuss NASA’s efforts to achieve a more sustainable future of flight, its vision for Advanced Air Mobility, the importance of international and industry partnerships, and more.
Space is limited and RSVP is required. To RSVP please email [email protected].
WHO: NASA Deputy Administrator Pam Melroy and AIA President and CEO Eric Fanning
WHAT: Sustainability Fireside Chat
WHEN: Monday, July 18, 2022 at 1:15 p.m. GMT
WHERE: “The Forum” at the USA Partnership Pavilion (Hall 3, Booth #3050)

[title:]AIA President and CEO: Healthy Aerospace and Defense Industry is Critical to Moving the Nation Forward
[date:]July 22, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. — Ahead of President Joe Biden’s address to a joint session of Congress, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning released the following statement:
“As the President completes his first 100 days in office, the nation and our industry are hopeful that tonight’s address will provide a clear vision of the Administration’s priorities moving forward. The aerospace and defense industry has supported our country’s economic and national security for over 100 years, and we stand ready to build on those efforts as our country continues to persevere through the pandemic.
“With sustained and stable investment in defense, prioritizing leadership in space and aeronautics, and a focus on helping travelers around the world return to the skies with confidence, we can emerge from the COVID-19 crisis even stronger. By advancing these policies and working together, we can enable our nation’s full recovery and unleash our industry’s potential to create the jobs that will help build a better future.”
# # #
[title:]AIA Statement on House Passage of Defense Budget and Policy Bill
[date:]July 15, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (July 14, 2022) – Today, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning issued the following statement following the U.S. House of Representatives passage of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023:
“Our national security is an enduring responsibility that requires stable and predictable investment. We must ensure adequate and reliable funding for our national security, including the defense industrial base that provides critical support for our warfighters. Getting the investment right is critical. But getting the policies right is also important to maximizing the impact of these investments and maximizing consistency, transparency, and efficiency.
“We applaud the House for leading the NDAA across the finish line with strong bipartisan support and urge the Senate to swiftly follow suit.”

[title:]Aerospace & Defense Industry Honors Sen. Shelby with “Wright Stuff Award”
[date:]July 18, 2022
[content:]Arlington, VA – Today, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) presented “The Wright Stuff Award” to Senator Richard Shelby (R-Ala.) in recognition of his leadership and policy contributions to America’s national and economic security during his tenure in the United States Congress.

“On behalf of the 2.1 million employees working in aerospace and defense, it’s an honor to present our ‘Wright Stuff Award’ to Senator Richard Shelby. He’s been a tireless advocate for America’s military and national security throughout his career. He’s also been an effective advocate for America’s defense industrial base and his legacy of service is enduring,” said AIA President and CEO Eric Fanning.
A longtime advocate for the U.S. military and the manufacturing base that supports it, Sen. Shelby’s role leading the Senate Committee on Appropriations as both Chair and Vice Chair will continue to have a lasting impact on the military, NASA, and our civil aviation system. Sen. Shelby has served the state of Alabama in both chambers of Congress as well as in the state legislature. He was first elected to the U.S. Senate in 1986 and is currently in his sixth term.
“The Wright Stuff Award,” created in 2020, is named after the inspiring Wright brothers whose ideas and inventions ushered in the age of flight, and in turn, transformed the world. The award recognizes individuals who have made major and measurable contributions to the U.S. A&D industry.

[title:]AIA Statement on Nomination of Phillip Washington to Lead FAA
[date:]July 7, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (July 7, 2022) – Today, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning issued the following statement on the Biden Administration’s nomination of Phillip Washington to lead the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA):
“Safety has always been the guiding light of the aviation industry, and the FAA and its leadership play a critical role in ensuring air travel continues to be the safest mode of transportation. Having a leader at the helm of the FAA who shares our commitment to ensuring U.S. aerospace systems continues to set the gold standard for safety worldwide is essential. At the same time, integrating emerging technologies safely into the national aerospace system, while also supporting our industry as we deliver on our sustainability goals is vital as well.
“We urge the Senate swiftly confirm Phillip Washington so we can continue to enable and enhance American leadership in aviation safety in partnership with our aviation manufacturers and airline customers.”

[title:]AIA Statement on Senate Passage of Reconciliation Bill
[date:]July 8, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Today, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning issued the following statement after the U.S. Senate passed the Inflation Reduction Act:
“This bill encourages and supports advancements in next generation green aviation technologies and products, including sustainable aviation fuels through the Blenders Tax Credit. These advancements will play a critical role in enabling a more sustainable aviation system now and in the future.”

[title:]AIA Statement on Defense Priorities in President Biden’s FY23 Budget
[date:]March 28, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (March 28, 2022) – Today, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning issued the following statement outlining AIA’s defense priorities in President Biden’s Fiscal Year 2023 budget:
“With the Russian invasion of Ukraine and other looming security threats, the need for strong investment in America’s defense and deterrence capabilities is only growing.
“Now that the Administration outlined its budget, it is the ideal time to underscore that national security, and the innovation and defense industrial base that sustains, is a unique and enduring responsibility. We must think about the defense budgets as a strategic investment rather than just one-time spending, which too often leads to a series of trade-offs that undermine our overall security.
“Funding our national security priorities is completely within our control – and strong investment in defense sends a powerful signal to allies and adversaries alike that defending Americans’ security is a key U.S. priority.”

[title:]AIA Statement on Space Priorities in President Biden’s FY23 Budget
[date:]March 28, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (March 28, 2022) – Today, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning issued the following statement outlining AIA’s space priorities in President Biden’s Fiscal Year 2023 budget:
“Space has never been more critical to our economy and national security. Driven by U.S. industry innovation, its importance will only grow.
“We expect continued bipartisan, bicameral support in FY23 for our nation’s space investments, from expanding our national security space capabilities to continued growth across NASA’s aeronautics, science, exploration, and technology programs. We also need timely funding to support the next generation of weather satellites and enhance STEM education programs. These investments will ensure continued U.S. leadership, enabling our warfighters, creating new market opportunities, and fostering a better understanding of our planet while returning humans to the Moon and developing a diverse STEM workforce of tomorrow.”

[title:]AIA, Avascent Report: Autonomous Aircraft Market to Reach $325 Billion by 2040
[date:]March 16, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (March 16, 2022) – Today, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) and Avascent released a new report detailing the breakthrough growth in the autonomous aircraft market, which is expected to result in nearly $325 billion over the next two decades. The report, “Continuing to Think Bigger: Autonomous Aircraft and the Transformation in Aviation,” explores the next chapter of aviation and its potential to transform daily life while expanding America’s longstanding leadership in global aviation.
“Autonomous aviation has the potential to change life as we know it. From extinguishing forest fires, creating innovative new agriculture applications, or even providing telecom hot spots after a natural disaster, the possibilities are endless,” said Eric Fanning, President and CEO of the AIA. “Government and industry must come together to realize the potential of the autonomous aviation market, unite behind a central plan to make it a reality, and use this opportunity to preserve U.S. leadership in aviation.”
“Avascent is honored to work alongside AIA and explore the myriad of new economic opportunities emerging in the large autonomous aircraft arena. As autonomous aircraft capabilities advance, now is an ideal time for industry and government to continue to lay the foundation for growth,” said Josh Pavluk, Senior Director at Avascent.
Since AIA and Avascent’s first “Think Bigger” report, investments in autonomous aircraft have skyrocketed. Dozens of startup companies have received significant funding for autonomous aircraft and closely related technologies and longstanding aviation companies are investing in the promise of this area. The latest report finds that autonomous aircraft are projected to directly lead to nearly 100,000 jobs by 2040, highlighting there is nothing truly “unmanned” about them.
The report found that spending on autonomous aircraft is poised for dramatic growth over the next two decades. Across passenger, cargo, and industrial use cases the market is expected to total about $325 billion from 2022 to 2040, and expand at a nearly 25 percent compound annual growth rate.
The report identifies three key policy recommendations to continue America’s leadership in global aviation through strategic action and investments:
Build a comprehensive national policy and regulatory map that prioritizes U.S. leadership in automation and autonomy in aviationInvest in key infrastructure and technology development areas that accelerate innovation in all of aviationDevelop performance-based regulations that facilitate innovation while ensuring safety and security

[title:]AIA Urges Swift Confirmation of William Laplante As Defense Acquisition Chief
[date:]March 3, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (March 2, 2022) – Today, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning released the following statement regarding the Biden Administration’s nomination of Dr. William LaPlante for Under Secretary for Acquisition and Sustainment at the Department of Defense:
“Russia’s invasion of Ukraine is an urgent reminder that national security must remain a priority. An essential part of that security mission is helping to provide the capabilities our partners and allies in Europe need to defend against tyranny. The Under Secretary for Acquisition and Sustainment is central to this mission. We urge the Senate to swiftly take up Dr. Bill LaPlante’s nomination to serve in this crucial role. He is a seasoned public servant and a strong leader who will hit the ground running on day one. Speeding his consideration sends an important signal that America is unified against Russian aggression.”

[title:]Aviation Coalition Calls on Biden Admin to Swiftly Nominate New FAA Administrator
[date:]March 14, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (March 11, 2022) – Today, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) led a coalition of the world’s leading aerospace manufacturers, airlines, airports, labor, and operators in a letter calling on the Biden-Harris administration to swiftly nominate a new Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) administrator as current Administrator Steve Dickson’s resignation takes effect at the end of March.
“As Administrator Dickson prepares to leave the FAA after serving through one of the most difficult periods in its history, we need to ensure that the next administrator is a qualified leader who shares our industry’s steadfast commitment to ensuring the U.S. aviation system remains the safest in the world,” the stakeholders write. “Additionally, we need an administrator who can quickly pick up where Administrator Dickson will leave off on issues vital to the aviation community such as continuing to implement the Aircraft Certification, Safety, and Accountability Act and ensuring safe integration and coexistence of technology and communications systems.
Joining AIA on the letter is the American Association of Airport Executives (AAAE), Airports Council International – North America (ACI-NA), Aeronautical Repair Station Association (ARSA), Cargo Airline Association (CAA), General Aviation Manufacturers Association (GAMA), Global Business Travel Association (GBTA), National Air Carrier Association (NACA), Regional Airline Association (RAA), Regional Air Cargo Carriers Association (RACCA), Radio Technical Commission for Aeronautics (RTCA), U.S. Travel Association, and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce.
Full text of the letter is available here and below.

March 11, 2022
President Joseph R. Biden
1600 Pennsylvania Avenue NW
Washington, D.C., 20500
Dear President Biden:
We write today to urge you to swiftly nominate the next Federal Aviation Administration Administrator. The undersigned organizations represent the world’s leading aerospace manufacturers, airlines, airports, tourism businesses, and operators. Our industry supports millions of jobs and trillions of dollars in economic activity within the United States. Together we share many common goals, including advancing sustainable aviation, paving the way for emerging technologies, and supporting our world-class workforce. However, the most important shared industry commitment is to aviation safety.
As Administrator Dickson prepares to leave the FAA after serving through one of the most difficult periods in its history, we need to ensure that the next administrator is a qualified leader who shares our industry’s steadfast commitment to ensuring the U.S. aviation system remains the safest in the world. Additionally, we need an administrator who can quickly pick up where Administrator Dickson will leave off on issues vital to the aviation community such as continuing to implement the Aircraft Certification, Safety, and Accountability Act and ensuring safe integration and coexistence of technology and communications systems.
The FAA, the aviation industry and the American flying-public need a leader with experience in managing large organizations and an aviation background to pave the way for the aviation system to continue to grow safer, more efficient, and more technologically advanced. We look forward to your swift nomination of a new administrator who shares our common goals and, particularly, our industry’s commitment to aviation safety.
Sincerely,
Aerospace Industries Association
American Association of Airport Executives
Airports Council International- North America
Aeronautical Repair Station Association
Cargo Airline Association
General Aviation Manufacturers Association
Global Business Travel Association
National Air Carrier Association
Regional Airline Association
Regional Air Cargo Carriers Association
RTCA
U.S. Travel Association
U.S. Chamber of Commerce
Cc:
Zach Butterworth Director of Private Sector Engagement

[title:]AIA’s Fanning: Adversaries Aren’t Going to Wait for Us to Get Our Budget Together
[date:]February 25, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Feb. 25, 2022) — Today, in an interview with CNBC’s Closing Bell, Aerospace Industries Association President and CEO Eric Fanning discussed the impacts of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and instability in the U.S. budget process on the aerospace and defense industry.
Watch the full interview here or by clicking the image below.


[title:]Fanning Op-Ed: China is incentivizing R&D investment. Why is America going in the opposite direction?
[date:]March 14, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (March 11, 2022) – In case you missed it, today the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning penned an op-ed in Breaking Defense calling on Congress to address research and development (R&D) tax amortization before the new policy stiffens critical R&D investments and ultimately impacts national security and U.S. global competitiveness.


Read the full op-ed here and find excerpts below.

China is incentivizing R&D investment. Why is America going in the opposite direction?Eric Fanning | Breaking Defense  | March 11, 2022
At a time when US defense leaders are tackling Russia’s current invasion of Ukraine, while stressing the need to invest in order to stay ahead of the growing competitive threat from China, policymakers have handcuffed innovation with a new tax policy that threatens to stifle vitally needed research and development (R&D) funding.
Maintaining America’s competitive edge has never been more essential, and the headwinds have never been stronger, especially when it comes to US national security. These points will likely be themes of the upcoming National Defense Strategy (NDS), and for good reason. China’s R&D spending in 2020 totaled $378 billion, or 2.4 percent of its gross domestic product, which is a record high. This massive surge in spending has enormous implications for the future of America’s national defense, our economy, and our global leadership. Meanwhile, economic challenges here at home are stressing both our military and the defense industrial base that supports it.
Inflation and COVID’s ongoing economic effects continue to add pressure to budgets, squeezing out long-term investment in things like research to address short-term threats. Russia’s aggressive escalation and advance on Ukraine further complicates US security. The complexity of the situation should compel America’s public and private sectors to work together on the hallmark of the national security partnership that serves our nation so well: unleashing the next generation of game-changing technologies.
Incentives are the key to innovation and have been instrumental to America’s technological superiority for generations. Many of these incentives are built into America’s tax system, which has proven to be an influential tool in spurring innovation and economic growth. Harnessing the power of the free market and our private sector has served as potent catalysts for the invention and introduction of cutting-edge technologies for many years. Today, 71 percent of R&D spending originates in the private sector.
However, a tax law change that went into effect on January 1 is now a major disincentive to private investment in research and development.
Since the 1950s, businesses have been able to deduct qualifying US R&D expenditures for federal tax purposes in the year they were incurred. Leveraging private capital for the public good was a win-win: removing some risks by incorporating incentives into the US tax system fosters industry investment. In January, these incentives dramatically changed. Now companies of all sizes — including eligible startups — must spread or amortize these costs over five years.
For example, US companies investing $100 in R&D are now only able to deduct up to $20 per year over the five-year amortization period resulting in a significant loss in cash flow. Less cash means fewer dollars for research and development and the highly skilled jobs that support it. The US is now one of only two developed countries with this policy (the other is Belgium).
Meanwhile, the Chinese government is doubling down on incentives for innovation, which it believes to be the cornerstone of its future growth and international position. As such, it has designed a strategic incentive regime with the goal of fast-tracking indigenous technological advancement and propelling its economy even further. China has extended its super deduction for R&D expenses for manufacturing companies to an extra 100 percent of eligible R&D expenses in addition to actual expenses incurred. In contrast to US companies, that means for every $100 spent to innovate, Chinese companies can deduct $200, ten times more than American ones can.
. . .
Tax Day is almost here — the enormous gap in incentives that could result from the amortization change must be addressed by Congress immediately. Already, there is strong bipartisan, bicameral support to address the new R&D tax rules, with lawmakers proposing a four-year extension of the previous law. This delay provides companies the certainty they need to take risks on investing in innovation, while also allowing Congress the time it needs to realign the R&D incentives in the long-term. The encouraging news is there are legislative options available in which to address the issue being debated in the coming weeks, efforts which we fully support.
The private sector has played a leading role in advancing the technology we need to maintain our competitive edge, notably in the defense sector. So why wouldn’t we use every tool at our disposal to emphasize and encourage research and development like China does? Why not rely on the power of America’s unique public-private national security partnership to accelerate innovation at a time when our economy and the supply chain are recovering from the COVID-19 pandemic?
Our ability to compete globally in high-technology fields, with China in particular, is at stake.
Eric Fanning, a member of the Breaking Defense Board of Contributors, is president and CEO of the Aerospace Industries Association, representing more than 300 companies in the aerospace and defense sector. He served as 22nd Secretary of the Army and Acting Secretary of the Air Force.

[title:]Aerospace Industry Statement on Biden Administration Manufacturing and Supply Chain Plan
[date:]February 24, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Feb. 24, 2022) – Today, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning released the following statement regarding the Biden administration’s announcement of a plan to revitalize American manufacturing and secure critical supply chains:
“Comprised of thousands of small and medium-sized companies, the shared aerospace and defense (A&D) supply chain is the lifeblood of our industry. We share the Biden administration’s goal of ensuring the health and long-term resiliency of the global supply chain. As we review the White House’s plan, we hope for a focus on strengthening our supply chain to ensure the United States remains globally competitive in the 21st century.”

[title:]Aerospace Industry Calls on Congressional Leaders to Delay R&D Tax Change as Conference Committee Closes on Final Legislation
[date:]June 30, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (June 30, 2022) – Today, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) called on Congressional leaders to include a delay to the research and development (R&D) tax amortization law change in the final legislation from the Bipartisan Innovation Act conference committee. The letter, signed by 19 aerospace and defense (A&D) companies and CEOs, urges Congress to recognize the bipartisan, bicameral support for reversing course on the harmful tax law change especially at a time when China is doubling down on R&D incentives.
“Addressing this tax change is necessary to revive our manufacturing workforce and incentivize production of American made goods. With less private investment in R&D, our workforce continues to lag behind in high-tech skills and expertise necessary to produce vital technology like semiconductors,” the companies write. “As you know, maintaining America’s competitive edge has never been more essential, and we cannot afford to handcuff innovation with tax policy that disincentivizes R&D.”
Aero-Mark LLC; Click Bond, Inc.; Kratos Defense & Security Solutions, Inc.; Mercury Systems, Inc.; Raytheon Technologies; Verify, Inc.; Huntington Ingalls Industries; Andrews Tool Company; General Dynamics; L3Harris Technologies, Inc.; Norsk Titanium; Sierra Nevada Corporation; IgniteLI, the Manufacturing Consortium of Long Island; Spirit AeroSystems; BAE Systems, Inc.; GSE Dynamics; Leidos; Northrop Grumman Corporation; and Textron, Inc. joined the letter, showing clear and unified support across industry for restoring the ability to immediately write off R&D expenses, encouraging innovation, and ensuring America remains competitive.
Full text of the letter is available here and below.

June 30, 2022
Dear Leader Schumer, Republican Leader McConnell, Speaker Pelosi, and Republican Leader McCarthy:
We strongly urge you to include a delay to the R&D amortization tax law change in the COMPETES/USICA Conference. It is of grave concern that without immediate action, this harmful tax change will stifle American manufacturing and innovation investment. Beginning in January 2022, American companies were no longer able to immediately expense the full value of their investments in R&D in the year they were incurred. Fortunately, there is bipartisan and bicameral support for restoring the ability to immediately expense R&D costs in the Bipartisan Innovation Act as reflected in the overwhelmingly strong bipartisan Motion to Instruct vote before the start of conference last month.
Reversing the R&D amortization requirement is not just sound tax policy but will also provide direct benefits to maintaining our competitive edge against China and supporting our manufacturing workforce—two major goals of the COMPETES/USICA Conference.
While China extended its super deduction for R&D expenses allowing manufacturing companies to deduct an extra 100 percent of eligible R&D expenses in addition to actual expenses incurred, the amortization requirement will cost American companies $29.1 billion by September 2022. American companies have always played a leading role in advancing the technology we need to maintain our competitive edge, notably in the defense sector. Similarly, we must use every tool at our disposal to emphasize and encourage research and development like China does.
Addressing this tax change is also necessary to revive our manufacturing workforce and incentivize production of American made goods. With less private investment in R&D, our nation continues to lag behind in high-tech skills and expertise necessary to produce vital technology like semiconductors. Additionally, many companies use R&D for operations research, which makes operations more efficient.
As you know, maintaining America’s competitive edge has never been more essential, and we cannot afford to handcuff innovation with tax policy that disincentivizes R&D. We look forward to working with you to address this issue in the COMPETES/USICA Conference.
Respectfully,
Eric Fanning
President & CEO
Aerospace Industries Association

Mark H. Lee
Chairman
Aero-Mark LLC

Karl Hutter
President & CEO
Click Bond, Inc.

Eric M. DeMarco
President & CEO
Kratos Defense & Security Solutions, Inc.

Mark Aslett
President & CEO
Mercury Systems, Inc.

Gregory J. Hayes
Chairman & CEO
Raytheon Technologies

Kathleen Boyle
Chairman & CEO
Verify, Inc.

Christopher D. Kastner
President & CEO
Huntington Ingalls Industries

Sol D. Kanthack
President
Andrews Tool Company

Phebe N. Novakovic
Chairman & CEO
General Dynamics

Christopher E. Kubasik
Chair & CEO
L3Harris Technologies, Inc.

Michael Canario
CEO
Norsk Titanium

Fatih Ozmen
CEO & Owner
Sierra Nevada Corporation

Patrick Boyle
Executive Director
IgniteLI, the Manufacturing Consortium of Long Island

Thomas Arseneault
President & CEO
BAE Systems, Inc.

Anne D. Shybunko-Moore
Owner & CEO
GSE Dynamics

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO
Leidos

Kathy J. Warden
Chair, CEO & President
Northrop Grumman Corporation



Scott C. Donnelly
Chairman, President & CEO
Textron, Inc.



[title:]AIA Statement on Resignation of FAA Administrator Dickson
[date:]February 18, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Feb. 18, 2022) – Today, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric 
Fanning released the following statement in response to the resignation of Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) Administrator Steve Dickson:
“On behalf of more than 2 million employees of the aerospace and defense industry, I would like to thank Administrator Dickson for his years of leadership and service. Administrator Dickson has shared our industry’s steadfast commitment to ensuring the United States aviation system remains the safest in the world and led the FAA through one of the most difficult periods in its history. We look forward to the president nominating a new administrator who shares our industry’s commitment to aviation safety.”

[title:]AIA Statement on House Armed Services Committee NDAA Passage
[date:]June 23, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (June 23, 2022) – Today, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning issued the following statement after the U.S. House of Representatives Committee on Armed Services passed the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) for Fiscal Year 2023:
“Strong bipartisan votes in support of increased investment in our national security and the defense industrial base that helps enable it sends a clear and unified signal at home and abroad that America’s defense and deterrence remains a top priority for the United States.
“National security requires enduring and predictable investment. It’s not just money – although resources are vitally important – our defense bill must also include sound policies to maximize the potential of that investment. AIA stands ready to work with Congress to address any concerns we have with the legislation.
“Record-high inflation is sapping the Department of Defense’s buying power and adding pressure to industry’s workforce, supply chain, and operations, which remain stressed from the pandemic. Swift floor consideration of the defense bills in both the House and Senate is more crucial than ever.”

[title:]AIA Statement on House Appropriations Passage of Key A&D Legislation
[date:]June 30, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (June 30, 2022) – Today, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning issued the following statement after the U.S. House of Representatives Committee on Appropriations passed bills from its Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies and its Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing, and Urban Development, and Related Agencies this week:
“The innovations and technologies designed and deployed by the U.S. aerospace and defense (A&D) industry enable and empower modern life. Developing a proper policy framework aligned with federal investments and incentives can help propel these advancements even further. Annual appropriations legislation provides us a unique opportunity to do just that.
“We applaud the House Appropriations Committee for its consistent and strong support of FAA and NASA programs. These programs invest in the next generation of technologies necessary for space exploration and commercialization and help ensure our aerospace system is the safest, most innovative in the world. We urge both chambers to continue their work to move the annual appropriations process through regular order, prioritize strategic investments rather than one-time spending, and avoid a costly continuing resolution at the end of the fiscal year.”

[title:]ICYMI: Apollo 1 Crew Members Honored with Monument at Arlington National Cemetery
[date:]June 21, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (June 6, 2022) – In case you missed it, CBS Saturday Morning highlighted the unveiling of a new monument at Arlington National Cemetery honoring the fallen astronauts of the Apollo 1 mission. Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning joined NASA Administrator Bill Nelson, Challenger Center President Lance Bush, and the families of the astronauts at the dedication of the monument on Thursday, June 2nd.
Watch the CBS story here or by clicking the image below.
“It was an honor to be with the Apollo 1 families and members of the space community for this special occasion. Our success in space is a tribute to Gus Grissom, Ed White, and Roger Chaffee. Their sacrifice paved the way for the achievements of America’s space program,” said Eric Fanning, President and CEO of AIA. “An Apollo 1 monument at Arlington National Cemetery has been a long-time interest among the space community and this special ceremony served as a reminder of the sacrifices astronauts and their families have made in our pursuit of the new frontier of space.”
AIA and Challenger Center, with support from the Apollo 1 families, NASA, and the space industry, worked together to create a permanent memorial at ANC. The monument was fully funded with private donations, with contributions from Aerojet Rocketdyne, Aerospace Corporation, Boeing, Leidos, L3Harris, Lockheed Martin, Marotta Controls, and Northrop Grumman. The commemorative Apollo 1 monument rests next to Grissom and Chaffee’s tombstones, honoring and memorializing the Apollo 1 crew.

[title:]AIA President and CEO Eric Fanning Comments on State of the Union
[date:]March 1, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va (March 1, 2022) – Today, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning released the following statement ahead of President Joe Biden’s State of the Union address:
“The State of the Union address comes at a critical time for the United States, for our safety, security, and economy. We must remain focused on the pandemic, economic pressure, inflation, and other major issues, but Russia’s invasion of Ukraine is a stark reminder that national security must remain a top priority for America.
“Threats to U.S. national security are not receding; in many ways they are growing in number and complexity. The good news is there is solid bipartisan support for a strong national defense and for sustained and stable spending to support it. We are hopeful the president continues to underscore the need for increased investment in national security this evening.
“The length and complexity of the pandemic mean we have to stay focused on policies that enable recovery and support resiliency throughout the defense industrial base and shared aerospace and defense supply chain. A timely budget and corresponding appropriations that match our security, safety, space, and sustainability priorities are essential. Policies that encourage job and economic growth, promotes American competitiveness, and help unleash the next generation of innovation are also crucial for our country and industry.
“We know that our adversaries are not waiting for us to get our budget together. We’re still operating under a continuing resolution, which is not an efficient way to govern, and it makes it difficult for the industry to plan and be the kind of partner that government needs it to be.
“Our country and the world are at an inflection point. We have an opportunity to propel American leadership forward. The aerospace and defense industry looks forward to continuing its work with the Biden Administration and other stakeholders to do just that.”

[title:]AIA: Congressional Leadership Must Address R&D, Chip Shortage in Bipartisan Innovation and Competition Legislation
[date:]June 21, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (June 21, 2022) – Today, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning released the following statement as leaders of the House and Senate negotiate the Bipartisan Innovation and Competition Legislation:
“The Bipartisan Innovation and Competition Legislation is essential to encouraging innovation, supporting national security, and ensuring America remains competitive. House and Senate leadership’s discussion of this legislation comes at a critical time when America’s competitive edge is the most essential it has ever been, but the headwinds against us are also the strongest. We urge Congressional leadership use this opportunity to work to find common ground and come to a swift agreement.
“This legislation is a critical opportunity to help strengthen domestic manufacturing and the workforce by leveraging private investments with public investments and reversing course on a major tax law that disincentivizes critical American research and development (R&D). Today, 71 percent of U.S. R&D spending originates in the private sector and nearly 70 percent of that is spending is used for salary and wages. Meanwhile, the Chinese government is doubling down on incentives for innovation. In 2020, China set a record high of R&D spending totaling $378 billion. This surge in spending and tax law change has huge implications for the future of our workforce, economy, national defense, and global leadership.
“The final conference agreement also must address the global semiconductor chip shortage, which affects many industries and our national security. Strategic investments in our domestic semiconductor manufacturing base will support American jobs and strengthen our global leadership in chip technology for years to come.”

[title:]Aerospace Industry Applauds House Passage of Advanced Air Mobility Legislation
[date:]June 15, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (June 14, 2022) – Today, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning issued the following statement applauding the U.S. House of Representatives’ passage of two key bills related to advanced air mobility (AAM):
“With a rapidly growing market expected to reach $115 billion annually by 2035 advanced air mobility is the next great step forward in aviation technology. Bills like these are prime examples of the public-private partnership necessary to advance U.S. leadership in emerging technologies, create hundreds of thousands of jobs, and ultimately transform the transport of people and goods across the country. We are grateful for the work of the bills’ sponsors, Senators Jerry Moran (R-Kan.) and Kyrsten Sinema (D-Ariz.) and Representatives Rick Larsen (D-Wash.), Garret Graves (R-La.), and Dina Titus (D-Nev.) for recognizing this important opportunity and getting these bills across the finish line.”
The bills, the AAIM Act (H.R.6270) and the Advanced Air Mobility Coordination and Leadership Act (S.516), passed the House with bipartisan support. The AAIM Act establishes a $25 million pilot program to provide grants to develop AAM infrastructure such as vertiports where air taxis could take off and land. Under the Advanced Air Mobility Coordination and Leadership Act, the Department of Transportation would convene a working group to coordinate efforts on emerging aviation technology.

[title:]AIA Recommendations for US – EU Space Dialogue
[date:]June 16, 2022
[content:]AIA, representing over 300 companies across the U.S. aerospace supply chain, provides the following recommendations for the upcoming US – EU space dialogue.



AIA US EU Space CommentsDownload
[title:]AIA and Challenger Center Dedicate Apollo 1 Monument at Arlington National Cemetery
[date:]June 3, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. and Washington DC (June 3, 2022) – On Thursday, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) and Challenger Center hosted a dedication ceremony for a new monument to honor Apollo 1 Astronauts Virgil “Gus” Grissom, Edward White, and Roger B. Chaffee at Arlington National Cemetery (ANC). The special event included family members of the fallen Apollo 1 astronauts, NASA Administrator Bill Nelson, AIA President and CEO Eric Fanning, Challenger Center President and CEO Lance Bush, and members of the space community.
“It was an honor to be with the Apollo 1 families and members of the space community for this special occasion. Our success in space is a tribute to Gus Grissom, Ed White, and Roger Chaffee. Their sacrifice paved the way for the achievements of America’s space program,” said Eric Fanning, President and CEO of AIA. “An Apollo 1 monument at Arlington National Cemetery has been a long-time interest among the space community and this special ceremony served as a reminder of the sacrifices astronauts and their families have made in our pursuit of the new frontier of space.”
While the remains of White are interred at West Point Cemetery, the remains of Grissom and Chaffee are interred at ANC. AIA and Challenger Center, with support from the Apollo 1 families, NASA, and the space industry, worked together to create a permanent memorial at ANC. The monument was fully funded with private donations, with contributions from Aerojet Rocketdyne, Aerospace Corporation, Boeing, Leidos, L3Harris, Lockheed Martin, Marotta Controls, and Northrop Grumman. The commemorative Apollo 1 monument rests next to Grissom and Chaffee’s tombstones, honoring and memorializing the Apollo 1 crew.
“The dedication of the new Apollo 1 memorial marks another moment where we come together to remember the heroes of the space industry,” said Lance Bush, President and CEO of Challenger Center. “The new monument ensures that the public recognizes the Apollo 1 crew as integral to the success of the Apollo program and the continued exploration of space for the benefit of humanity.”
The Apollo 1 mission was to be the first human-crewed flight of Apollo and was scheduled to launch on February 21, 1967. Grissom, White, and Chaffee lost their lives when a fire swept through the command module during a test on January 27, 1967.

[title:]ICYMI: AIA’s Fanning Talks U.S. A&D Industry Role in Ukraine
[date:]June 2, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (June 2, 2022) – In case you missed it, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning joined David Westin on Bloomberg Balance of Power to talk about the United States aerospace and defense (A&D) industry’s partnership with the U.S. government to support Ukraine. Fanning also discussed supply chain challenges, China’s growing aerospace market, the importance of keeping safety paramount when integrating emerging technologies, and opportunities for sustainable aviation technologies.
Watch the full interview here or below.

[title:]AIA Applauds Senate Committee Passage of Bipartisan Advanced Air Mobility Legislation
[date:]May 25, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (May 25, 2022) – Today, President and CEO of the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) Eric Fanning issued the following statement on the U.S. Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation’s passage of legislation to establish advanced air mobility (AAM) planning grants:
“The United States has the opportunity to lead the global market and realize new possibilities for moving people and cargo in urban, suburban, and rural areas. This legislation is a critical step forward in envisioning how AAM and emerging technologies will be integrated into communities across the country. We are grateful for the leadership of the bill’s sponsors, Senators Alex Padilla (D-Calif.) and Jerry Moran (R-Kansas), and we look forward to the Senate’s full consideration and swift passage of the legislation.”
In a study conducted in partnership with Deloitte, AIA found that the market for AAM in the United States is estimated to reach $115 billion annually by 2035, potentially creating more than 280,000 jobs.

[title:]AIA Calls on Conference Committee to Address R&D Tax Change, Semiconductor Chip Shortage
[date:]May 11, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (May 11, 2022) – Today, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning released the following statement ahead of the first conference committee meeting on the Bipartisan Innovation and Competition Legislation:
“The conference committee meets at a time when America’s competitive edge is the most essential it has ever been, but the headwinds against us are also the strongest. AIA is thankful for the Members of Congress leading this effort to enable critical investments in research and development (R&D), the domestic manufacturing base, and America’s workforce. We urge the conferees to work to find common ground, come to a swift agreement, and take every opportunity to support our national security and ensure America remains competitive.  
“To help strengthen domestic manufacturing and workforce, this conference is an opportunity to leverage private investments with public investments by reversing course on a major tax law that disincentivizes critical American R&D. Today, 71 percent of U.S. R&D spending originates in the private sector and nearly 70 percent of that is spending is used for salary and wages. Meanwhile, the Chinese government is doubling down on incentives for innovation. In 2020, China set a record high of R&D spending totaling $378 billion. This surge in spending and tax law change has huge implications for the future of our workforce, economy, national defense, and global leadership.  
“The conference committee also must address the global semiconductor chip shortage, which affects many industries and our national security. Strategic investments in our domestic semiconductor manufacturing base will support American jobs and strengthen our global leadership in chip technology for years to come.” 

[title:]Coalition Urges Passage of NASA Reauthorization
[date:]May 18, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (May 18, 2022) – Today, a diverse coalition of twelve organizations, including the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA), sent a letter to Congress urging them to pass a bipartisan comprehensive NASA authorization bill to guide our Nation’s aeronautics, exploration, space science, technology, and STEM education programs into the 2020s.
This letter underscores the need for continued bipartisan, bicameral support and direction for NASA.
“NASA was last authorized by Congress in 2017 and, in addition to the necessity of extending expiring authorities, there have been a series of new developments since that time that would benefit from the definition, guidance, and support a 2022 bipartisan NASA authorization would provide,” the coalition wrote. “A new authorization will provide clear bipartisan direction to build from these developments and set the stage for the next decade of accomplishments.”
The coalition includes:
Aerospace Industries Association                                      Aerospace States Association
American Astronautical Society                                         American Composites Manufacturers Association
American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics     Coalition for Deep Space Exploration
The Computing Technology Industry Association           National Security Space Association
The Planetary Society                                                          Satellite Industry Association
Space Foundation                                                                Universities Space Research Association
View the full letter here.

[title:]AIA President Urges Congress to Support All Elements of “DOD Topline”
[date:]May 26, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (May 26, 2022) – In a letter sent to Congress today, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning urges Congress to deliver adequate and timely investment to the Department of Defense (DOD) in the face of growing threats.
This letter underscores the need for Congress to deliver on-time resources to our nation’s military along with sound policy reforms that maximize those resources and send a clear signal to America’s adversaries and allies alike. The letter includes four key elements of the DOD topline Congress must support: (1) adequate financial investment, (2) passing appropriations on time, (3) streamlining the acquisition process and accelerating innovation at the Pentagon, and (4) support for the national security industrial base and its workforce.
“By repeating the patterns of delay and inconsistent investment that have characterized the past 15 years, China, Russia, and others will seek to exploit this vulnerability. Finding common ground to break that cycle and dedicate adequate and timely resources, along with policy reforms to maximize their impact, will help demonstrate American resolve,” Fanning said. He also stressed the essential role of the defense industrial base (DIB) and its workforce in helping enable the country’s security, noting both are strategic assets upon which the country relies.
“An innovative, competitive, and thriving DIB and its workforce are an important part of the legacy systems and emerging technology that are making a difference on the ground in Ukraine today and will be decisive in Indo-Pacific competition,” Fanning continued.
The letter comes as Congress considers the President’s Fiscal Year 2023 Budget request and record-high inflation grips much of the nation, affecting every aspect of the DIB and DOD’s purchasing power.
To combat this trend Fanning noted, “Three to five percent growth above the rate of inflation is the level of investment required to support America’s global force, maintain our competitive edge over adversaries, and catch up technologically in areas where we are falling behind.” Similarly, earlier this month Deputy Secretary of Defense Dr. Kathleen Hicks remarked that on-time appropriations are the best way to combat inflation.
Support for all elements of the DOD topline – investment, predictability, and policy – deter the kind of malign activities we have seen in Europe and sends an unmistakable message of resolve to the national security industrial base and its workforce, as well as America’s allies.
For the full letter click here.

[title:]New Report from AIA, Accenture Details Strategic Plan for the Future of Sustainable Aviation
[date:]April 19, 2022
[content:]Horizon 2050 analyzes the aviation technologies and policies needed to achieve net zero carbon emissions by 2050
Arlington, Va. (April 19, 2022) – Today, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) and Accenture released a comprehensive new report analyzing the state of sustainable aviation technologies in the United States. The study identifies the prioritization and investments necessary for the aviation sector to achieve net zero carbon emissions by 2050.
The report, Horizon 2050: A Flight Plan for the Future of Sustainable Aviation, comes as the number of global air passengers is expected to nearly double over the next 20 years, causing an increase in fuel consumption and ultimately an increase in carbon emissions.
“There’s no question that the aviation industry will rise to the occasion, meet these challenges head on, and lead us to a more sustainable future,” said Eric Fanning, President and CEO of AIA. “Horizon 2050 provides a detailed look at the exciting new technologies on the horizon and how government, stakeholders, and industry can collaborate to turn these aspirations into actions.”
“The aviation industry is moving towards a sustainability agenda that goes well beyond reducing aircraft emissions and extends to creating business value and sustainable impact across the ecosystem,” said John Schmidt, global Aerospace and Defense industry lead at Accenture. “By embedding sustainability into every stage of the manufacturing and delivery of products and services—from internal strategy and operations to ecosystem partners—organizations will build more trusted, circular and net zero value chains, while also driving social and economic benefits.”
Horizon 2050 is a comprehensive guide to prioritizing decarbonization solutions, based on technology-specific data and analysis. The report is divided into three sections, including a technology report, feasibility assessment, and an AIA policy roadmap.
The report evaluates technology solutions based on emission-reduction potential, maturity status, and applicability within time horizons relevant to aircraft entry-into-service:
Near-term and market-ready technologies (today-2030)Mid-term technologies, typically in planning stages (2030-2040)Longer-term technologies, mostly in research and development (possible market entry beyond 2040)
Additionally, Horizon 2050 outlines AIA’s policy roadmap that is necessary for government to play a key role in advancing these technologies. This includes creating a cohesive, multi-year strategic plan tied to reliable funding that the industry can count on, working with international organizations to shape industry standards, and ensuring that new technologies can be incorporated as quickly as possible while maintaining safety as the top priority.
“There is no silver bullet when it comes to achieving the industry’s goal of net zero carbon emissions by 2050. We know that this goal is going to require a whole host of solutions, both large and small,” said David Silver, Vice President for Civil Aviation at AIA and co-author of Horizon 2050. “Dramatic changes to airport operations and infrastructure, offsets and sustainable aviation fuels, and crucially, cutting-edge aerospace technologies all have a role to play in making this goal a reality.”
More information on AIA’s commitment to a sustainable future is available here.

[title:]AIA: Conference is Ideal Way to Address Disincentive to Private Research & Development
[date:]April 28, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (April 28, 2022) – Following the U.S. Senate formalizing the conferees for the Bipartisan Innovation Act, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning issued the following statement:
“America’s competitive edge has never been more essential, and the headwinds have never been stronger. Strategic investments in U.S. research and technology, STEM education, and domestic manufacturing are required to help restore America’s global competitiveness and support our national security. The Bipartisan Innovation Act conference committee is an ideal way for Congress to finalize the details of these critical investments.
This conference process is also an excellent opportunity for Congress to take immediate steps to stop the harmful effects of a recent tax law change affecting private investment in R&D. Today, 71 percent of America’s R&D spending originates in the private sector. Yet, while the Chinese government is doubling down on incentives for innovation, we are forcing companies to spread R & D expenses over five years. That means for every $100 U.S. companies spend to innovate, Chinese companies can deduct $200, ten times more than American ones can.
Leveraging private capital for the public good is a win-win. And such incentives are a perfect complement to the federal investments Congress will work out during these negotiations. We urge bipartisan leaders to include a delay to encourage and enable private investment in innovation by delaying the R & D tax change as we race toward tax day.”

[title:]AIA Bolsters International Portfolio with Staff Changes
[date:]April 18, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (April 18, 2022) – Today, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) announced enhancements to its International Division through two key staff updates. Dak Hardwick has been promoted to Vice President of International Affairs and MaryLee Pollitt will join the team as Director of International Affairs.
“As we have seen with recent global events, national security and foreign policy must remain top priorities for the United States. One of AIA’s greatest assets is our International Affairs Division, which plays a critical role in advocating for our more than 320 member companies and our industry’s more than 2 million employees,” said Eric Fanning, President and CEO of AIA. “Dak and MaryLee’s expertise complement a strong, effective International Affairs team and will help bolster AIA’s leadership and impact on public policy.”
Hardwick has been with AIA for over 8 years and most recently served as Assistant Vice President of International Affairs. Before joining AIA, Hardwick worked at Harris Corporation, an international communications and information technology company. A former Presidential Management Fellow, Hardwick began his career at Headquarters, Marine Corps as an appropriations budget analyst. He later transitioned to the Office of the Secretary of Defense where he helped establish the Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Homeland Defense after September 11, 2001, and later held a variety of critical national security positions. Hardwick serves on a number of boards and committees including the Department of Commerce’s Industry Trade Advisory Committee for Aerospace Equipment, the Virginia Aviation Board, and the Alexandria Industrial Development Authority.
Pollitt joins the team as Director of International Affairs where she will focus on export controls, trade, and regulatory issues. Pollitt began her career with Sierra Nevada Corporation where she focused on export licensing, compliance, and technology transfer and release policy. Most recently, Pollitt worked on General Atomics – Aeronautical Systems, Inc. (GA-ASI) Government Affairs team, predominantly supporting the international business portfolio.
The International Division at AIA is responsible for promoting domestic and international policies and practices that help American companies compete in the global marketplace and cooperate with our allies and foreign partners. With both defined and undefined barriers that can limit business growth, AIA’s International Council works to promote free and fair trade for U.S. aerospace and national security products as a means to enhance national and economic security. This helps maintain the vitality of the aerospace and national security industrial base and workforce.

[title:]AIA Urges Senate to Confirm Department of Commerce Nominee to Critical Export Controls Position
[date:]April 4, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (April 4, 2022) – Today, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) is continuing to call for the Senate to confirm Alan Estevez as Under Secretary of the Bureau Industry and Security (BIS) in the U.S. Department of Commerce. Last month, AIA sent a letter to Senate leadership supporting his confirmation, but as President Biden proposed a $30 million increase in export control funding to the Commerce Department’s BIS, AIA President and CEO Eric Fanning is urging the Senate to immediately confirm Estevez to administer the funds and lead BIS through this critical time.
“The role of BIS is paramount to our industry, especially in light of recent global events like the invasion of Ukraine, export control actions against the Russian Federation, and the COVID-19 pandemic,” Fanning said. “The Senate must act immediately to confirm Alan Estevez to this position so he can quickly begin the important work of leading BIS, ensuring the export control system remains responsive to partners and allies, and providing the U.S. government the ability to counter global aggression.”
Full text of the letter sent to Senate leadership is available here and below.

March 7, 2022
Dear Majority Leader Schumer and Minority Leader McConnell:
On behalf of more than 320 member companies from across the aerospace and defense (A&D) sector, I am writing to express our strong support for the immediate confirmation of Alan Estevez as Under Secretary of Commerce for Industry and Security in the U.S. Department of Commerce.
We have reached a critical time for increased cooperation with U.S. partners and allies, and export controls is inextricably linked to our nation’s continued success. With the recent invasion of Ukraine, and strategic challenges in the Indo-Pacific, ensuring the export control system remains responsive to partners and allies while also providing the U.S. government the ability to counter global aggression is critical. A Senate-confirmed appointee for BIS is vital, and Alan Estevez is an outstanding choice.
During an extensive career with the Department of Defense (DoD), Mr. Estevez has a proven track record of navigating the complexities of national security and technology, particularly when he served as Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics. In previous roles, he focused on increasing the DoD’s warfighting capabilities, managing efficiency in the department, and increasing buying power. Mr. Estevez will no doubt apply these experiences to strengthen U.S. export controls while also working to build improved technology partnerships with U.S. allies.
The role of BIS in the post-COVID recovery of the aerospace and defense industry cannot be understated. The value of all U.S. aerospace and defense exports in 2020 totaled $90.6 billion, down 39 percent from the previous year. While the industry was able to maintain a positive trade balance of $40.6 billion COVID’s impact continues to be felt across the industry. BIS will play a significant role in ensuring our industry returns to full strength post-pandemic.
Mr. Estevez has had a tenured career with the U.S. government and is widely recognized as a distinguished public servant. It’s these qualifications and breadth of knowledge that set him apart. We urge you to move swiftly to confirm Mr. Estevez as Under Secretary of Commerce for Industry and Security, and our industry looks forward to working closely with his office to aid in the complex challenges facing our nation.
Sincerely,
Eric FanningPresident and CEOAerospace Industries Association

[title:]AIA Statement on Senate Confirmation of Export-Import Bank Nominee
[date:]March 31, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (March 30, 2022) – Today, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning released the following statement on the Senate confirmation of Judith Pryor to be First Vice President of the U.S. Export-Import Bank:
“The global market is fiercely competitive, and the United States needs every set of tools and trade policy measures at its disposal to level the playing field and contend for export opportunities. Judith Pryor is a skilled leader with a clear understanding of the critical support that the Export-Import Bank provides American manufacturers. We look forward to her continuing the important work of leveling the playing field for U.S. exporters, creating new opportunities for U.S. companies, and strengthening our strategic relationships throughout the world.”
AIA also sent a letter urging her confirmation last year.

[title:]AIA Statement on Defense Budget Priorities Ahead of Congressional Hearings
[date:]April 5, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (April 5, 2022) – Ahead of defense budget hearings in U.S. House and Senate Committees on Armed Services this week, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning released the following statement:
“Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and other looming security threats demonstrate the importance of America’s defense and deterrence capabilities, industrial capacity, and innovative technology. We must send a powerful signal to allies and adversaries alike that America’s safety, security and prosperity are our nation’s top priorities.  As Secretary Austin, General Milley and Under Secretary McCord present the defense budget to Congress this week, we urge our leaders to make a strong, bipartisan commitment to investing in defense.”

[title:]AIA Statement on Civil Aviation Priorities in President Biden’s FY23 Budget
[date:]March 28, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (March 28, 2022) – Today, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning issued the following statement outlining AIA’s civil aviation priorities in President Biden’s Fiscal Year 2023 budget:
“The President’s FY23 budget comes at a critical time for the United States aerospace and defense (A&D) industry. As our industry continues to recover from the pandemic and assesses the impact of recent global events to our supply chain, we must remain focused on keeping U.S. airspace the safest on the planet, investing in our world-class workforce, and incentivizing production of sustainable aviation technologies. We look forward to continuing our work with the Biden Administration and other stakeholders on securing these critical priorities.”

[title:]AIA Statement on the Passage of the America Competes Act
[date:]February 4, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Feb. 4, 2022) – Today, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning released the following statement on the passage of the America Competes Act in the U.S. House of Representatives:
“The health and resilience of our shared supply chain and the competitiveness of the U.S. aerospace and defense industry are key priorities for our industry. Policy bills that focus on strengthening our supply chains and revitalizing domestic manufacturing will help ensure that the United States remains globally competitive in the 21st century and help mitigate future disruptions and shortages that threaten American economic security and jobs. It is encouraging to see both houses of Congress pass bills to address these priority issues, and we urge the House and Senate to come together to reconcile these bills swiftly.”

[title:]Aerospace Industry Announces Set of Airworthiness Training Standards
[date:]February 15, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Feb. 15, 2022) – Today, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) announced a set of new industry standards for developing and conducting airworthiness training and education programs in conjunction with the aviation industry, academia, and government and military partners. The standards present an acceptable means for developing and conducting airworthiness training and education programs to address the needs of industry and government.
Each standard focuses on a different aspect of airworthiness training and education: academic curricula for university airworthiness engineering programs, civil aviation airworthiness, and defense and military aviation airworthiness.
“The United States has the safest aviation system in the world. With these standards increasing and enhancing certification and airworthiness education and training, the next generation of engineers will have the knowledge and resources they need to work towards keeping it that way,” said David Silver, Vice President of Civil Aviation for AIA. “We are proud to have worked with our partners in industry, academia, government, and military to provide a baseline for what programs in airworthiness engineering should look like.”
The three standards are:
NAS9945-1, Airworthiness Engineering Academic CurriculaNAS9945-2, Airworthiness Engineering Training and Education – Civil AviationNAS9945-3, Airworthiness Engineering Training and Education – Defense and Military
AIA has been developing and publishing standards for the global aerospace market since 1941. For more information on AIA’s standards program, please visit http://www.aia-nas.org. AIA’s National Aerospace Standards NAS9945-1, NAS9945-2, and NAS9945-3 are available for purchase here.
Below are statements of support for the standards from leading industry experts and educators.
“This NAS9945 collection of standards now establishes a well-defined base-line for a whole new engineering discipline, both academically and professionally. I sense in future time these standards will be employed by companies, institutions, and accrediting agencies for creating education, training, and determining advancement points within the field that will be uniformly received and recognized, very much like other new engineering fields of former times (mechanical, electrical, aeronautical, aerospace, computer, and so on).”
-Jim Ladesic, Former Associate Dean of Engineering at Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University
“This standard is the link that will now allow institutions of higher education to become involved in the airworthiness inculcation and training process in engineering and engineering technology programs nationwide. Prior to this standard there wasn’t wide agreement on what an academic program in Airworthiness Engineering should look like; that problem is now solved.”
-R. Kurt Barnhart, Ph.D., Professor at Kansas State University Polytechnic
“Strengthening ‘showing of compliance’ and ‘finding of compliance’ efforts associated with aircraft designs, and design changes, are the foundation of aviation safety. FAA, DoD, and industry experts agree that these efforts can be improved by increasing and enhancing certification and airworthiness education and training.
“Applicants, design approval holders, suppliers, repair stations, and universities with Aerospace, Aeronautical, and other Aviation related Engineering programs can find course topic and content ideas in NAS9945-2, Airworthiness Engineering Training and Education – Civil Aviation, and NAS9945-3, Airworthiness Engineering Training and Education – Defense and Military. In addition, curriculum guidance can be found in NAS9945-1, Airworthiness Engineering Academic Curricula.”
-John W. Lee, Senior Technical Fellow of Certification, Test & Regulatory Compliance at Spirit AeroSytems, Inc.
BACKGROUND:
In July 2020, AIA published a new AIA National Aerospace Standard for airworthiness engineering called NAS9945, Airworthiness Engineering Training and Education. Over the last year, three AIA working groups developed three additional NAS9945 standards, developed in conjunction with industry, academia, and government and military partners.
NAS9945-1, Airworthiness Engineering Academic Curricula
Focuses on curricula structure, content and the instructional expectations considered necessary and sufficient for educating post-secondary students in the basic principles of aircraft certification and airworthiness engineering that complies with national, regional, and professional accreditation standards for universities, colleges, and other academic entities at undergraduate and graduate levels.Recommends structure and content for organizations and institutions that provide airworthiness related education and training generally for employees and individuals supporting products and/or services requiring airworthiness related knowledge and skills.
NAS9945-2, Airworthiness Engineering Training and Education – Civil Aviation
Provides content related guidance for developing and conducting airworthiness training and education programs to address the needs of industry and government, with specific emphasis on civil aviation airworthiness and certification.Provides course content guidance for colleges and universitiesProvides guidance to industry for providing professional advancement of working engineers and technicians in the aerospace community who are involved with certification and continuing airworthiness of civilian aircraft through activities such as design, testing, manufacturing, repair and/or maintenance.
NAS9945-3, Airworthiness Engineering Training and Education – Defense and Military
Provides content related guidance for developing and conducting airworthiness training and education programs to address the needs of industry and government, with specific emphasis on defense and military aviation airworthiness and certification.Provides course content guidance for colleges and universitiesProvides guidance to industry for providing professional advancement of working engineers and technicians in the aerospace community who are involved with certification and continuing airworthiness of military and other public aircraft through activities such as design, testing, manufacturing, repair and/or maintenance.

[title:]ICYMI: AIA President and CEO Testifies House Subcommittee on 5G Deployment and Aviation Safety
[date:]February 4, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Feb. 4, 2022) – In case you missed it, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning testified before the U.S. House of Representatives Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure’s Subcommittee on Aviation. In the hearing, “Finding the Right Frequency: 5G Deployment & Aviation Safety,” Fanning told lawmakers about the critical role radio altimeters play in an aircraft safety system, described the United States’ high aviation safety standards, stressed that the problem is not yet solved, and highlighted the actions needed to prevent the next spectrum and safety challenge.



Here are 4 key takeaways from his testimony:
#1: The radar altimeter is the workhorse of an aircraft’s overall integrated safety system.
“While it is a simple device, it has the most consequential of purposes: helping to save lives. Altimeters help pilots determine an aircraft’s altitude. These highly reliable devices are essential to a number of aircraft functions, including precision approach, landing, ground proximity, and collision avoidance. All commercial and most general aviation aircraft, as well as helicopters, use an altimeter.”
“Altimeters are especially important for pilots dealing with low-visibility conditions and in other situations like windshear, which causes rapid decrease in airspeed due to wind flows near the ground. It can be particularly hazardous during takeoff and landing. In such an environment, fluctuation in atmospheric pressures can result in air speed indicators and barometric altimeters providing misleading information to the flight crew. But the radio altimeter can be trusted. And it’s this device they must rely on to execute a successful escape maneuver.”
#2: The United States has the gold standard of aviation safety.
“In partnership with the FAA and other government partners, U.S. aviation manufacturers and our airline customers set the “gold standard” of safety worldwide. Maintaining this unprecedented level of safety is our mission. For this reason, we’ve been expressing serious concerns about possible interference with a key aviation safety device known as a radio altimeter upon deployment of new 5G service in the C-Band.”
#3: The problem is not solved. There will be disruption in the future.
“The ultimate goal is to maximize 5G while minimizing disruptions. There will be a gap between the end of the 6-month compromise and when the ultimate solution is identified and implemented. That means a process must be established to provide ongoing information sharing and dialogue between government and all private sector stakeholders. And a process that also helps avoid us finding ourselves in this position again as we contemplate future additions to spectrum.”
#4: Preventing the next spectrum and safety challenge.
“We need to think of this more broadly as we move forward and use spectrum’s limited bandwidth for more complex technology and stronger signals, we need to have all the stakeholders that are in spectrum empowered to be a part of the conversation. Some formalized new process that brings all of us together rather than just thinking of spectrum in stovepipe bands, to think about it in its entirety. Because clearly that’s part of that the issue was here. This was an FCC-controlled process and the FAA raised concerns but wasn’t empowered to do anything about it other than raise it. They have great engineers, they cooperate with industry which has world-class engineers, so I think we have to look across all the stakeholders in spectrum, certainly the FAA when it comes to aviation safety, and make sure they are a part of the process in anything that we do as we expand what we use spectrum for moving forward.”
Fanning’s written statement is available here, and the full hearing is available here.

[title:]AIA Statement on Verizon, AT&T Short Delay in 5G Deployment
[date:]January 5, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Jan. 5, 2022) – Today, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning released the following statement in response to AT&T and Verizon agreeing to a short delay in 5G deployment:
“The United States has the safest aviation system in the world and keeping it that way will always be our top priority. Safe aviation and 5G can coexist, which is why we are committed to working together with the telecommunications industry to avoid delays, diversions, and flight cancellations.”

[title:]Aviation Industry Statement on New FAA 5G Guidance
[date:]January 13, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Jan. 13, 22) – Today, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) issued the following statement in response to the Federal Aviation Administration’s (FAA) new guidance for operating aircraft in areas where 5G signals could potentially interfere with critical safety systems on aircraft:
“The aviation industry has the most knowledgeable and accomplished engineers in the world. While our technical experts are reviewing the notices to air missions (NOTAMs) published today and evaluating their impact to our industry, we know there is still a lot of work to be done to resolve these issues in commercial aviation, and to begin addressing issues with general aviation and helicopters. We hope that the telecoms industry now sharing their data and coming to the table to consider what mitigations could be made on an urgent basis is a step in the right direction. All along, we have maintained that safe aviation and 5G can coexist, which is why we have joined forces with other aviation stakeholders and repeatedly offered to work with the telecoms industry to search for solutions. The United States has the safest aviation system in the world and keeping it that way will always be our top priority,” said David Silver, Vice President of Civil Aviation for AIA.

[title:]Aviation Stakeholder Coalition Calls for Delay of 5G Over Safety Concerns
[date:]January 3, 2022
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Jan. 3, 2022) – Key aviation stakeholders representing airlines, manufacturers, airports and associations today issued the following statement calling on the White House to ​avoid further disruptions to the aviation environment by delaying the rollout of C-Band 5G signals:
“Time has run out and it’s imperative that the White House intervene today to delay the imminent rollout of C-band 5G signals. Starting Wednesday, the disruptions to our country’s aviation system are going to be incredibly challenging, especially at a time when the industry is currently experiencing COVID-related operational issues.
“We are just hours away from this C-band 5G rollout, yet the aviation industry is still anxiously awaiting details on how aviation will be impacted and on how crew members will need to operate to maintain safety and minimize disruptions.
“The United States has the safest aviation system on the planet and it is imperative that we do all it takes to keep it that way. As stakeholders, we have been working for years on identifying a path forward that would benefit all parties – but the FCC, AT&T and Verizon have been unwilling to participate. We respectfully call on President Biden to intervene and delay the full implementation of C-band 5G until proper risk assessments have taken place and crewmembers are fully briefed as to the extent of the disruptions.”
Aerospace Industries Association
Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association
Airports Council International – North America
Experimental Aircraft Association
General Aviation Manufacturers Association
Helicopter Association International
International Air Transport Association
National Air Carrier Association
National Business Aviation Association
Regional Airline Association

[title:]AIA Statement on NDAA Passage
[date:]December 16, 2021
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Dec. 16, 2021) – Today, The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning released the following statement on the bipartisan passage of S. 1605, the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) for Fiscal Year 2022 in the U.S. Senate:
“The FY22 NDAA is a major victory for our national security and our defense industrial base, which includes our more than 2 million employees. The bill includes important reforms to the acquisition process, increased funding for the Department of Defense, and the reauthorization of the State Department — a feat that hasn’t been accomplished in two decades. By passing with strong bipartisan support, the FY22 NDAA sends a clear message to our adversaries and allies that national security remains a top priority for our nation. Given the length and severity of the COVID-19 pandemic, it is now more important than ever for our industry to have stable and sustained funding.”

[title:]Aerospace Industry Announces New Industry Standard for Drone Data Protection and Privacy
[date:]December 16, 2021
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Dec. 16, 2021) – Today, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) announced a new industry standard to strengthen national security and preserve critical American infrastructure by protecting data of small unmanned aircraft system (known as “UAS” or drones). The standard, NAS9948 Unmanned Aircraft System Data Protection and Privacy, provides guidance to manufacturers and developers on reducing the risk of exploitation and dissemination of sensitive UAS data, including data that supports government, military systems, first responders, public utilities, and transportation.
“We are committed to doing our part as an industry to strengthen national security and protect critical American infrastructure,” said David Silver, AIA’s Vice President of Civil Aviation. “Because of the guidance in this standard, UAS manufacturers and developers can better protect data that supports government, military systems, and public utilities and transportation.”
The standard was created in collaboration with AIA member companies, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security Science and Technology Directorate as well as other government agencies, and MITRE before being approved by AIA’s Emerging Technologies Committee.
AIA has been developing and publishing standards for the global aerospace market since 1941. For more information on AIA’s standards program, please visit http://www.aia-nas.org. AIA’s National Aerospace Standard NAS9948 is available for purchase here.
BACKGROUND:
National Aerospace Standard NAS9948, Unmanned Aircraft System Data Protection and Privacy:
Provides guidance for small UAS manufacturers, original equipment manufacturers (OEM), and software developers for the protection and privacy of data throughout the lifecycle of the UAS.Assists with reducing the risk of data exploitation and dissemination of private information while operating a UAS that weighs less than 55 pounds.Identifies 14 security controls specific to data security and privacy in accordance with NIST 800-53 Rev 5, Security and Privacy Controls for Information Systems and Organizations, including securing data-at-rest and data-in-transit, and provides UAS-specific guidance and discussion for each security control.Makes users aware of how their data is secured while also allowing users to make informed decisions on the security and protection of their data based on their risk tolerance and mission needs.

[title:]AIA Announces Executive Committee Appointments For 2022
[date:]December 6, 2021
[content:]Arlington, Va. — The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) has elected Mike Petters, President and Chief Executive Officer of Huntington Ingalls Industries, to serve as Chairman of the Board of Governors for 2022. Tom Gentile, President and CEO of Spirit AeroSystems, will serve as Vice Chairman. Eric Fanning has been reelected as AIA President and CEO.
“It is an honor to serve the broader aerospace and defense industry in this role,” said Petters. “It is a challenging environment at the moment for all of our stakeholders – our customers, our suppliers and the workforce. I’m committed to working on behalf of AIA’s members toward solutions that will benefit both them and our nation.”
“The 2021 Board of Governors worked diligently to lead the aerospace and defense (A&D) industry to continued success despite the challenges presented by the pandemic. In large part due to their efforts, our industry remains strong, employing more than two million people and maintaining a positive trade balance valued at more than $40 billion,” Fanning said. “As Chairman in 2022, Mike will play an essential role in shaping AIA’s advocacy and outreach and will ensure the A&D industry remains a bright spot for the American economy.”
AIA represents more than 320 manufacturers and suppliers across every sector and tier of the aerospace and defense industry. Together, these world-class and high-technology companies support more than two million jobs across the United States.
Direct involvement of CEO-level officers from the country’s major aerospace and defense companies helps guide and shape the policy goals for AIA and the entire industry. The association is led by a Board of Governors that meets twice a year and an Executive Committee that meets more frequently.
AIA’s Chairman, Vice Chairman, as well as the President and Chief Executive Officer, all serve on the Executive Committee. The members of the AIA Executive Committee for 2022 are:
Tom Arseneault, BAE Systems
Tom Bell, Rolls Royce North America
Kathleen Boyle, Verify, Inc.
Heather Bulk, Special Aerospace Services
Leanne Caret, The Boeing Company
Eric DeMarco, Kratos Defense & Security Solutions
Scott Donnelly, Textron, Inc.
Eric Fanning, Aerospace Industries Association
Tom Gentile, Spirit AeroSystems
Greg Hayes, Raytheon Technologies
Dave Kaufman, Ball Aerospace
Roger Krone, Leidos Corporation
Chris Kubasik, L3Harris Technologies
Nanda Kumar, Eaton Corporation
Mike Madsen, Honeywell Aerospace
Phebe Novakovic, General Dynamics Corporation
Fatih Ozmen, Sierra Nevada Corporation
Mike Petters, Huntington Ingalls Industries
John Slattery, General Electric Aviation
James Taiclet, Lockheed Martin Corporation
Kathy Warden, Northrop Grumman Corporation
Sol Kanthack, Andrews Tool Company, Associate Member Representative

[title:]Statement from A4A, AIA and CTIA
[date:]December 22, 2021
[content:]Washington, D.C., (Dec. 22, 2021) – The following statement was issued today by A4A, AIA and CTIA:
We are pleased that after productive discussions we will be working together to share the available data from all parties to identify the specific areas of concern for aviation. The best technical experts from across both industries will be working collectively to identify a path forward in coordination with the FAA and FCC.
Our belief is that by working collaboratively in good faith on a data-driven solution, we can achieve our shared goal of deploying 5G while preserving aviation safety.
MEDIA CONTACTS
Carter YangManaging Director, Industry CommunicationsAirlines for America[email protected]202-626-4141
Alison S. LynnVice President of CommunicationsAIA[email protected]703-358-105
Nick LudlumSenior Vice President and Chief Communications OfficerCTIA[email protected]202-736-3202
[title:]AIA Statement on House Passage of NDAA
[date:]December 8, 2021
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Dec. 8, 2021) – Today, Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) President and CEO Eric Fanning released the following statement on the bipartisan passage of H.R., 4350, the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) for Fiscal Year 2022 in the U.S. House of Representatives:
“The FY22 NDAA reaffirms a tradition of bipartisan support for meeting one of our nation’s greatest responsibilities—our national security. By providing strategic direction and stable funding for the Department of Defense, this legislation helps to ensure the readiness of our troops and underscores the importance of the defense industrial base to our country’s security. The strategic guidance provided by the NDAA sends a clear message to our allies and adversaries that security remains among our nation’s highest priorities. We urge the Senate take swift action and pass the bill as soon as possible.”

[title:]Aerospace Industry Statement on FAA Airworthiness Directives Related to 5G Deployment
[date:]December 8, 2021
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Dec. 8, 2021) – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) and a coalition of organizations representing the world’s leading aerospace manufacturers, airlines, pilots, and operators released a statement following the Federal Aviation Administration’s (FAA) issuing of airworthiness directives (ADs) related to the deployment of 5G technologies to the C-band in the United States.
“We appreciate the FAA’s efforts to find a safe solution for aviation and successful deployment of 5G. While we are currently evaluating the airworthiness directives and preparing to fully abide by them to ensure that aviation operations remain safe, we also expect significant disruptions to the national aviation system due to the rollout of 5G technologies in the C-band unless the FCC acts to mitigate the concerns. Potential impacts include: delayed and cancelled passenger flights; delayed air cargo shipments; significant schedule disruptions; and inability for first responders, military, and law enforcement to fly helicopter missions. We will have a full assessment of the impact of the ADs in the coming days.
“Our coalition continues to call for a long-term solution that will protect the flying public by ensuring radio altimeters operate accurately while allowing 5G to roll out safely. The goal is to avoid disruptions to aviation operations.
“Last month, AT&T and Verizon proposed to modestly reduce their 5G power levels in C-band at an undefined number of airports for six months.  While appreciated, the mitigations proposed by AT&T and Verizon are inadequate and far too narrow to ensure the safety and economic vitality of the aviation industry and the millions of people traveling by air each year.
“Industry stakeholders have offered a counter-proposal to the Federal Communication Commission, which builds on the telecom proposal and provides additional safeguards in, around, and on the approach to airports and heliports. The aviation stakeholders’ proposal aims to minimize the impact on both telecom operations and our national aviation system.
“With the current launch date of January 5, and the ADs just being released, it is clear we need to get this balance right. We strongly urge for a further delay in5G deployment for the data sharing and consultations necessary to create a win-win situation for both industries. The aviation industry has brought forward sensible mitigation strategies that should have the appropriate time to be considered and implemented.”
The statement comes from the Aerospace Industries Association, the Air Line Pilots Association (ALPA), Airlines for America (A4A), Experimental Aircraft Association (EAA), Helicopter Association International (HAI), Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association (AOPA), National Business Aviation Association (NBAA), Regional Airline Association (RAA), National Air Carrier Association (NACA), General Aviation Manufacturers Association (GAMA), and the International Air Transport Association (IATA).
Last month, an aviation coalition called on the National Economic Council to convene a joint industry working group to bring the aviation and telecommunications industries together to find a long-term solution that will protect the flying public by ensuring radio altimeters operate accurately while allowing 5G to roll out safely.
More information on the proposal can be found here.

[title:]Aerospace Industry Makes Progress in Workforce Development & Diversity Prioritization
[date:]November 4, 2021
[content:]2021 Aerospace & Defense Workforce Study Conducted by AIA and AIAA with Ernst & Young LLP
Arlington, Va. (November 2, 2021) – Today, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) and the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics (AIAA) released their 2021 Aerospace & Defense Workforce Study, which was conducted in collaboration with Ernst & Young LLP (EY US). The report, which includes analysis from 33 companies representing over 950,000 employees across the globe, outlines progress in workforce development and diversity and areas of opportunity in which additional progress can be made.
“This workforce study provides data-driven insights that can help us benchmark where we are as an industry so we can chart a course to where we want to go next and in the future,” said Eric Fanning, AIA President and CEO. “The results of this survey showcase positive trends that indicate, despite the pandemic, we’re making exceptional progress in workforce development and diversity. This is exciting news because the aerospace and defense industry is at its best when we have diverse, talented people with different experiences driving innovation and our competitive edge.”
Some key findings include:
Positive Trends in Employee Demographics – Although the A&D workforce is less diverse than the overall U.S. labor force, year-over-year trends indicate various key metrics are moving in a positive direction. The representation of women and Black employees at the executive level has increased consistently for the past several years.Innovative Recruiting Efforts to Increase Diversity in Talent Pipelines – Not only have A&D companies been responsive to calls to action relating to social justice, they have also invested resources into the attraction and recruitment of diverse candidates. From new partnerships with Minority-Serving Institutions to intentional promotion and success plans that prioritize equity and inclusion, companies are working to address DE&I at all levels of business.Reimagining the Future of Work – The 2021 Workforce Study was able to capture employee sentiment around the nature of work and its impact on employee experience. While COVID-19 reinforced A&D as a critical industry, it also created opportunities for the industry to increase flexibility and offer new solutions for employees that increased employee satisfaction.New & Differentiated Products – This year’s study not only produced the standard whitepaper, but also a publicly available dashboard to engage with the A&D industry and dig deeper into the data collected. This data will aid in peer benchmarking, talent attraction, and provide a baseline for the industry’s continued future progress.Scope & Breadth of Methodology – The process behind this year’s workforce is more clearly defined than ever before. We committed to providing data-driven insights that were representative of the industry. This study also gave validity to the industry’s overall commitment to data transparency and talent analytics, and subsequently using both to improve employee experience.
“It is vital for us to understand the demographics and dynamics of the dedicated people who make up the A&D workforce. They are the most technically proficient, professionally equipped, and culturally diverse workforce on the planet,” said Dan Dumbacher, AIAA Executive Director. “Through this study, we received valuable inputs about the talent pipeline from several academic institutions. We gained a better perspective on how the A&D community can better support STEM education and promote the industry’s diverse career paths. We believe this study’s findings will help employers across the A&D industry continue to make the progress required to accelerate innovation. This timely and robust information will help us continue our work shaping the future of aerospace.”
“We are excited to have collaborated with AIA-AIAA on this study and we are excited to see how this research will promote a diverse workforce across this important industry,” said Steve Fuller, partner, People Advisory Services, EY US.
Workforce Study 2021 | Aerospace Industry Association (ey.com)
# # #
AIA Media Contact: Tom Mattocks, [email protected], 336-264-5516 cell
AIAA Media Contact: Rebecca B. Gray, [email protected], 804-397-5270 cell
About AIA
For Over 100 years, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) has been the voice of the American aerospace and defense industry. Our work as an advocate and convener is essential to shaping policy, shedding light on the industry’s impact, and empowering its future. Our CEO-level officers from across our more than 300 member companies guide these efforts, strengthening the industry’s ability to effectively support America’s national security and economy. Together, we advocate for effective federal investments; accelerated deployment of innovative technologies; policies that enhance our global competitiveness; and recruitment and retention efforts that support a capable and diverse 21st century workforce.
About AIAA
The American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics (AIAA) is the world’s largest aerospace technical society. With nearly 30,000 individual members from 91 countries, and 100 corporate members, AIAA brings together industry, academia, and government to advance engineering and science in aviation, space, and defense. For more information, visit www.aiaa.org or follow AIAA on Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, and Instagram.
[title:]AIA Statement on House Passage of Build Back Better Act
[date:]November 19, 2021
[content:]Arlington, Va. – Today, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) released the following statement following the U.S. House of Representatives passage of the Build Back Better Act:
“We were glad to see the House pass the Build Back Better Act, and we encourage the Senate to quickly take up the legislation. The bill provides important funding that will help the aerospace and defense industry meet its sustainability commitments. There are several tax and funding provisions that will encourage and support the research and development of innovative, next generation green aviation technologies and products, including sustainable aviation fuels and hybrid-electric propulsion systems. Those technologies and products will play a critical role in our ability to continue to combat climate change. We were also pleased to see that the bill includes funding for NASA and NOAA infrastructure.”

[title:]AIA COVID-19 Vaccine Statement
[date:]October 11, 2021
[content:]“America’s aerospace and defense industry stands together as we prepare to implement the new federal vaccine requirement, while working with our government partners as they develop detailed guidance. Throughout the pandemic, AIA members have expanded benefits and implemented extensive measures designed to prevent the spread of COVID-19 as our essential work continued. Employee health and safety is – and always will be – our top priority and a core value of the aerospace and defense industry.”
[title:]Aerospace Industry Calls for a Joint Working Group to Find Solutions to Potential 5G Interference on Radio Altimeters
[date:]November 9, 2021
[content:]Arlington, Va. – The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) is leading a coalition of organizations representing the world’s leading aerospace manufacturers, airlines, pilots, and operators in calling for a delay to the deployment of 5G technologies to the C-band until the safety and efficiency of the National Airspace System (NAS) is ensured.
In a letter to the National Economic Council (NEC), the coalition urges collaboration with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) and the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) to convene a joint industry working group to bring the aviation and telecommunications industries together to find a long-term solution that will protect the flying public by ensuring radio altimeters operate accurately while allowing 5G to roll out safely.
“We believe it is incumbent on the National Economic Council to work with the FCC and FAA to convene a joint industry working group and continue to delay the deployment of 5G technologies in this band until the safety and efficiency of the NAS is ensured. The goal of this working group would be to reach acceptable mitigations,” they write. “Aviation will not be able to maintain the current level of public safety and economic activity without support from the Biden-Harris Administration and the implementation of mitigations by the cellular industry.”
The letter comes on the heels of the FAA issuing a bulletin alerting manufacturers, operators, and pilots that action may be needed to address potential interference with radio altimeters caused by 5G systems. Radio altimeters are crucial systems used by every commercial aircraft and helicopter and many general aviation aircraft.
Joining AIA on the letter is the Aerospace Vehicle Systems Institute, the Air Line Pilots Association International, the Airborne Public Safety Association, Airbus, the Aircraft Electronics Association, the Aircraft Owners & Pilots Association, Airlines for America, Aviation Spectrum Resources, Inc., the Boeing Company, the Cargo Airline Association, Collins Aerospace, the Experimental Aircraft Association, Free Flight Systems, the General Aviation Manufacturers Association, Garmin International, Inc., the Helicopter Association International, Honeywell International Inc., the International Air Transport Association, the National Air Carrier Association, the National Business Aviation Association, and the Regional Airline Association.
Full text of the letter is available here and below.

November 5, 2021
Bharat Ramamurti
National Economic Council
1600 Pennsylvania Ave NW
Washington, D.C. 20500
Dear Mr. Ramamurti,
The undersigned organizations represent the world’s leading aerospace manufacturers, airlines, pilots, and operators. Our industry supports millions of jobs and trillions of dollars in economic activity within the United States. We write to thank you for meeting with our coalition on November 3rd, 2021, and for your part in the recent announcement by Verizon and AT&T to delay their deployments in the 3700-3980 MHz spectrum (C-Band) by one month. While this news is a positive step, we ask you to continue to work to ensure that the additional time results in the goal we’ve had all along, which is to continue safe and efficient aviation operations in the United States National Airspace System (NAS) without disruption from 5G flexible use operations in the C-Band.
As you know, the result of the February 2020 decision by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) and subsequent “C-band auction” is that new 5G cellular systems operating in the C-Band will begin to deploy throughout the country shortly. These 5G systems have the potential to cause harmful interference to radio altimeters, which are crucial systems used by every commercial aircraft and helicopter, and many general aviation aircraft. Due to this threat and the lack of action from the FCC, the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) released a Special Airworthiness Information Bulletin (SAIB) on Risk of Potential Adverse Effects on Radio Altimeters. Without a written agreement of mitigation with FCC and 5G, further FAA actions beyond this SAIB may still be necessary to ensure safety. As discussed, these FAA actions will have enormous economic impacts that the country cannot face, resulting in needless supply chain delays and travel and shipping cancellations.
While we understand and support the importance of making spectrum available to enable next-generation commercial wireless communications, we need the administration and FCC to help aviation and telecommunication industries reach acceptable mitigations.
To that end, we are committed to doing our part by working diligently to develop new standards, equipment, and aircraft/helicopter integration solutions. However, these solutions require more detailed knowledge of the C-Band deployment and will take significant time to ensure they meet the FAA’s robust safety requirements. Because of this, we believe it is incumbent on the National Economic Council (NEC) to work with the FCC and FAA to convene a joint industry working group and continue to delay the deployment of 5G technologies in this band until the safety and efficiency of the NAS is ensured. The goal of this working group would be to reach acceptable mitigations.
Aviation will not be able to maintain the current level of public safety and economic activity without support from the Biden-Harris Administration and the implementation of mitigations by the cellular industry.
We are hopeful that you will continue to take action to help ensure an acceptable timeframe for full consideration and expedite cooperation from all stakeholders to put in place a solution that maintains the United States’ leadership in 5G deployment as well as the safety of the traveling public. We stand ready and willing to do our part and look forward to working with you and your expert agencies on solving this complex technical problem.
Sincerely,
Aerospace Industries Association (AIA)
Aerospace Vehicle Systems Institute (AVSI)
Air Line Pilots Association International (ALPA)
Airborne Public Safety Association
Airbus
Aircraft Electronics Association (AEA)
Aircraft Owners & Pilots Association (AOPA)
Airlines for America (A4A)
Aviation Spectrum Resources, Inc. (ASRI)
The Boeing Company
Collins Aerospace
Experimental Aircraft Association (EAA)
Free Flight Systems
General Aviation Manufacturers Association (GAMA)
Garmin International, Inc
Helicopter Association International (HAI)
Honeywell International Inc.
 International Air Transport Association (IATA)
National Air Carrier Association (NACA)
National Business Aviation Association (NBAA)
Regional Airline Association (RAA)
CC:
Tim Wu, Special Assistant to the President, NEC
Lisa Hone, Senior Advisor, NEC
Hannah Garden-Monheit, Senior Advisor, NEC

[title:]AIA’s Fanning: ‘Government funding deal is encouraging, but a long-term solution is needed’
[date:]September 30, 2021
[content:]Arlington, Va. ­– Eric K. Fanning, President and CEO of the Aerospace Industries Association, issued the following statement urging Congress to find a long-term solution to keep the government funded:
“It’s encouraging to see Congress came to a short-term bipartisan solution that will fund the government through Dec. 3, but the aerospace and defense (A&D) industries, along with others, require more long-term certainty to plan for the future. We need a bipartisan solution that will provide the consistency and stability necessary to address critical issues, such as the pandemic’s ongoing impact on the nation, businesses, and the workforce; the debt limit; and threats to America’s economy and security.
“Like other industries, COVID-19 took a serious toll on the A&D workforce and the thousands of small- and medium-sized businesses along the supply chain that are at the heart of the defense industrial base. Those people and businesses throughout the country play a key role in growing our economy and keeping America safe and secure at home and abroad. More than ever, businesses across all industries need predictability and consistency.
“A&D businesses are essential to the American economy, employing 2.2 million people in high-skill, high-wage jobs. However, those businesses and the workforce cannot fully execute their critical missions to enhance the flying public’s safety, sustain American leadership in space, and develop cutting-edge equipment to ensure the nation’s security at home and abroad, while the federal government moves from one preventable crisis to the next.”

[title:]AIA’s “2021 Facts & Figures” report details the pandemic’s impact on the A&D industries
[date:]September 15, 2021
[content:]Report also provides a glimpse at a post-pandemic recovery
Arlington, VA – The COVID-19 pandemic took an immense toll on America and the world last year, causing significant and tragic losses to human lives. It also put an enormous strain on governments, industries, and economies across the globe. The U.S. aerospace & defense (A&D) industries experienced significant declines in jobs and revenue, which is displayed in the “2021 Facts & Figures: U.S. Aerospace & Defense” report developed by the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) in collaboration with IHS Markit. The report provides insights into the pandemic’s effects on A&D in 2020 and explores steps to recovery.
During the pandemic, disruptions in production lines, delayed transportation of materials and goods, and financing challenges hit small- and medium-sized businesses along the A&D supply chain particularly hard, accounting for about 64 percent of the 87,000 industry jobs lost. Because end use manufacturers rely on the vital components and products those companies produce, those losses in employees, revenue, and products had and continue to have serious ripple effects throughout the rest of the A&D industry.
“In 2020, the pandemic inflicted immense pain upon our nation and the rest of the world, including the loss of millions of lives, thousands of businesses, and hundreds of thousands of jobs,” said AIA President and CEO Eric Fanning. “This year’s report details the effects that the COVID-19 had on the A&D industry. It also provides a glimpse of the positive trends and opportunities that will form the basis of our industry’s growth in a post-pandemic world. Our industry is committed to a full recovery that will support the nation’s security, economy, creation of jobs, and advancements in cutting edge technologies.”
Despite the tremendous losses in jobs and revenue, the industry was still responsible for employing 2.09 million workers or 1.4 percent of America’s workforce, and, at $104,577, average wages and benefits remained 41 percent above the national average. A&D also contributed about $382 billion to the total U.S. gross domestic product, $90.6 billion in exports, which was a positive trade balance of $40.6 billion, and paid out $218.6 billion in compensation last year.
The 2021 report doesn’t only look at bottom lines and workforce statistics. It also heralds the industry’s participation in COVID-19 relief efforts, both nationally and internationally. Through significant monetary contributions, donations of essential medical supplies, and volunteer efforts, the A&D workforce displayed leadership in times of hardship, showcasing their resilience and compassion for others and the communities they live and work in across the U.S.
As the industry moves towards recovery, emerging technologies and advancements in research and development programs prove that the future is bright. With advanced air mobility aircraft, unmanned aerial systems, a rebound in commercial air travel, and the rise of commercial space activity, the industry has several sectors to invest in as it works to bounce back from the pandemic’s effects.
The support of policy makers is imperative to the industry’s success in its recovery efforts, however. Government support through programs like the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, the Aviation Manufacturing Jobs Protection program, and the Department of Defense’s advanced progress payments aided businesses of all sizes in the A&D supply chain, keeping the industry alive despite significant setbacks. The continued partnership between industry and government is critical to ensuring a full return to the robust industry employment and trade metrics seen during the 2010s, including growing and increasing diversity the A&D workforce.
The continued success of the A&D industry despite the unique hardships posed by the pandemic is a testament to the strength of the entire A&D community and is proof of the industry’s continued commitment to supporting the economy and the safety and security of America.
Download the report.

[title:]U.S. Commercial Aviation Manufacturers Commit to Net-Zero Carbon Emissions by 2050
[date:]October 4, 2021
[content:]Arlington, Va. ­­– Today, the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) announced a commitment for commercial aviation manufacturers to work with airline customers and governments around the world to achieve net-zero carbon emissions by 2050. As part of that commitment, AIA is spearheading a groundbreaking study to analyze the state of sustainable aviation technologies in the United States and identify the types of public policies and investments necessary to achieving this vision.
“Innovation is at the heart of what we do as an industry and what will enable a more sustainable aviation future. While strong progress has been made in the energy efficiency of aircraft, we have the opportunity now to make investments in next-generation technology that will propel the industry into a brighter, greener future. Committing to net-zero carbon emissions by 2050 isn’t just a pledge to secure a more sustainable aviation ecosystem, it is a testament to the confidence we have in our industry’s ability to innovate,” said Eric Fanning, President and CEO of AIA.
AIA represents more than 320 manufacturers and suppliers across every sector and tier of the aerospace and defense (A&D) industries. Although aviation only accounts for about 2 percent of human-produced CO2 emissions, AIA’s commitment is the latest development in decades of advances in A&D energy efficiency. Since 1978, U.S. aircraft energy efficiency has improved by 130 percent, eclipsing those in any other form of transportation.
As commercial aviation activities continue to expand and novel aircraft take to the skies, the need for more sustainable processes becomes more pressing. Advances in three prominent focus areas in recent years have led to the development of sustainable aviation fuel, hybrid-electric propulsion systems, and advanced aircraft technology and modernization.
AIA’s commitment joins the pledges outlined by several U.S. airlines and the industry association Airlines for America. More information on AIA’s commitment to a sustainable future is available here.

[title:]AIA Welcomes New Members of Communication Team
[date:]September 8, 2021
[content:]Arlington, Va. (Sept. 8, 2021) — The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) is expanding its Communications Department with three new hires. Jon Corley, senior director, communication; Sue Perez, manager, digital assets; and Chancè Hindir-Lane, coordinator, communication and legislative affairs. They will help advocate for the aerospace and defense (A&D) industry’s priorities and tell the stories of how AIA’s member companies help keep America safe and secure while growing the nation’s economy.
“AIA member companies and the A&D industry make many incredible contributions to the nation’s security, economy, space programs, transportation sector, and development of cutting-edge technology,” said AIA President and CEO Eric Fanning. “I’m confident that the skills and diversity of perspectives and experiences that Jon, Sue, and Chancè bring to AIA will help us tell those stories in effective and meaningful ways.”
Jon Corley joins AIA from the American Chemistry Council (ACC) where he was a communication director serving as a senior advisor, strategist, and spokesperson for some of the chemical industry’s most challenging issues. Prior to ACC, he led U.S. Rep. Mac Thornberry’s (R-TX) communication team, worked as a media relations manager at the Edison Electric Institute, and served as an infantry sergeant in the 82nd Airborne Division where he deployed for two combat tours in Iraq and Afghanistan. Corley holds a M.A. in Political Communications from Johns Hopkins University, a B.A. in Public Relations from Lipscomb University, and is currently completing the General Management Program at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
Sue Perez is AIA’s new manager of digital assets where she will help lead the development and execution of the organization’s digital engagement strategies. Sue has worked on multiple social media campaigns and strategies for Spoon University and the Environmental Protection Agency’s Office of Water. In addition to her digital media experience, Sue volunteers for multiple nonprofit organizations, including the Thurgood Marshall College Fund and the Young Nonprofit Professionals Network of Washington, DC.
Prior to joining AIA, Sue managed the Rees Scholarship Foundation at the Air-Conditioning, Heating, and Refrigeration Institute, the leading trade association of manufacturers of air conditioning, heating, and commercial refrigeration equipment. She received a B.A. in Communication and a minor in Spanish and Sustainability from the University of Maryland, College Park. She is currently working on her M.S. in Nonprofit Leadership and Marketing Communications with the University of Denver.
Chancè Hindir-Lane was born and raised in the Democratic Republic of Congo and moved to the U.S. at the age of 13. She holds an Associate Degree in International Relations from Utah State University and a B.A. in Political Science from The University of The District of Columbia. Before joining AIA, Chancè was an assessor program coordinator at the American Association of Blood Banks, and she worked for the National Energy Institute and spent some time working for a member of the U.S. House of Representatives.

